I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US ON THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH .
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT , IN SOME CASES , COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY .
Also , I want to say that the plays and films were excellent , but there were n't enough of them for me .
In our Academy we are not allowed to smoke .
I was truly disappointed by it .
Secondly , I had to wait forty - five minutes before the show finally began .
I 'd like you to send the money to this address : ul Taklowa 10
It is a dream come true and was really unexpected for me !
If not , what do you suggest ?
The festival was excellent in many ways , and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea .
MY NAME is JAMES CAMIREZ AND I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLAINTS REGARDING THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT .
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY STATES THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30 , AND I GOT REALLY MAD WHEN I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND NOTICED THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 ( FORTY ) MINUTES AND THE SHOW HADN'T STARTED YET ... I MEAN IT WAS AMAZING !
I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT . HOW CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE BE SO ..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I AM GOING TO TELL YOU ONE LAST THING , IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER HAD SO I DEMAND MY MONEY BACK !
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ME IN SEVERAL WAYS . I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCES ; THE MORE COMFORTCOMFORTABLE WE GET .
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PASSIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE .
THIS CAN BE BAD TOO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BEING COMFORTABLE , WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORK I WON'T BE ABLE TO .
Everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happy in the end , and what have we go then ?
Disappointed !
If you could not manage the programme , why did n't you inform people before the programme started ?
I thought you understood ' ; please send money back to me , you know why , do n't answer me ?
Now we know , our world has developed to new world , because we have high technology to do .
Today , technology is a part of life .
It started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleaning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly .
We appreciated the modern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things .
It is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on Monday morning , because we can see all the famous buildings in a few hours .
On Wednesday after we have visited the National Art Gallery , we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon .
Nowadays the main attraction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people .
On the whole , being rich and famous does n't always bring happiness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous .
Last week we had another demonstration of this .
Firstly , it will introduce the latest fashions connecting Millennium .
Whenever I recollect it , I feel self - confident .
Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been chosen and I will do my best for this competition .
As you mentioned about the accommodation , I would prefer to stay in a tent , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping .
However , I would choose sailing because I am fascinated with the sea and its mysteries and I also like the water , the wind in my face ...
The other one I would choose is basketball because I 'm tall and very fast with the ball .
It was unbelievable ! ! !
Are you studying a lot ?
I have just received your letter which made me so happy . I can not believe that I won first prize in your competition , because I have always believed I am an unlucky man and now I think some things are changing in my life .
I would definitely choose basketball and swimming which are my dream sports .
I would like to ask a few things , especially about the weather : what is the weather like in July in the U.S.A ? What kind of clothes will I need and how much money should I take with me ? Because I have never been to the U.S.A. before I do n't know anything about it .
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowadays there are some people who are called shopaholics .
They are just like alcoholics and these people go shopping every day because they can not stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend .
Because nowadays wherever you go there is a big queue and I hate waiting .
The queues are not the only problem . If you go by car there is the problem of parking , if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you wo n't always be lucky enough to find a seat .
Especially if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl , you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes .
I really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time .
Some people say " shopping is not always enjoyable " but for me it is definitely unenjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life .
First of all , when I bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available .
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was staring at us .
Firstly when I went to the show it was written that the start time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight . I had waited for forty - five minutes .
I just knew I should n't have trusted her but as I went in the house my dad asked Pat to stay for a meal . I was in shock , thinking why is n't anyone getting angry with me ? After a while we sat down for dinner and Pat just told my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry .
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we appreciate spending a week in London every year .
First , we could n't get a discount , although you mention it in your advertisement .
I walked back , hoping I would n't come across anyone and be able to drive back home .
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six countries ?
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities .
As they know about your interests and personality , it is easy to help you .
I would like to make some comments about the event that I went to .
- Art exhibitions to teach us more things about the artist 's lifestyle ; and
Well , about rules in my country , the situation is not different from other countries .
The rules must be respected by all people if you do n't want to be kicked out of school .
However , some of them have read an advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March .
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depressed : in fact , money and celebrity do n't always bring happiness .
In addition , admission for students is free .
Yours sincerely ,
On the other hand , the bond between parents and children is unlikely to change .
The smokers in the school yard , the buffet and the other pupils , who are sitting at their tables doing their homework .
That 's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredom . I am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free . There wo n't be any problem with being up - do - date .
Of course , you ca n't afford a luxury car and a large apartment unless you 're born with a silver spoon in your mouth .
It 's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary .
I was really surprised when I opened it .
I look forward to going to the Camp California in the USA .
Because it reminds me of my childhood . I used to go with my friends to a camp , which was situated by the seaside .
Nowadays we have many big shopping centres .
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents do n't work and children haven't got school .
Because of that , shopping centres are overcrowded .
You ca n't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere .
However such centres are very useful and necessary .
In my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremely long queue for the changing room .
If you bought something gorgeous , you will be very happy .
Yours sincerely
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show " Over the rainbow " , which I saw on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
There are several points I have to complain about which meant the evening was not nice at all .
Instead of half past seven the show started at quarter past eight . I could n't go to get any refreshment for two reasons , the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by .
On your tickets information is written that discounts are available , when I asked at the ticket office I could n't get any discount for being a student .
After one hour the whole class had heard about Sarah 's secret .
Everybody was interested in what she had won but nobody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told as a secret to them .
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around talking and whispering started .
Sarah looked at him for a while , then she stood in front of the class and explained to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern France and every one of the 19 pupils was invited , except Pat who was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I read your advertisement five days before , and I was really impressed by it .
But , the quality of this show was n't what you led me to believe it would be , and I feel really disappointed by it .
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me as a customer , I would be grateful if you gave me some or all of my money back .
Yours sincerely ,
My marks were n't good enough to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
I never talked about this project to anyone , except my best friend Pat .
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to go in .
Or going to the show on Wednesday morning and in the afternoon , we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery .
I look forward to hearing from you .
They found him two months later and six months later he was in jail .
I am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show " over the rainbow " , which is misleading in a number of ways .
Sweating and afraid I waited outside the director 's office the following day .
Tears ran down my face as I admitted having stolen .
I was surprised that my father did n't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me .
That evening my father said a few words : ' May this be the end of your career as a thief ; we are only ready to forgive if you promise never to start again '
I am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in your competition , which is two weeks . I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win .
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school should be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do , not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time .
The purpose of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical " Over the Rainbow " , which really disappointed me .
First of all , there were no discounts available such as were promised in the advertisement so I had to pay the original price which was n't cheap at all .
Then , I was forced to wait forty - five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and , when it finally started , I was really disappointed to see that the actors were n't Danny and Tina as it had said in the advertisement .
Your really dissatisfied customer
How has modern technology affected my daily life ?
We live surrounded by inventions which help as through the day .
The reason for my decision is that other activities are also available in my country , except climbing , but I have a fear of heights so this one is not destined for people like me .
Actually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell .
This is the main reason why I want to ask for a refund .
People wo n't be embarrassed to show the beauty of their bodies .
Moreover , I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine .
During my stay at Camp California , I want to go swimming because I practise this activity regularly and I often enter competitions : this is one of my hobbies .
Then , there was only one hour left to install the different coloured lights ; it was just enough time .
We would suggest going to this fabulous show .
Yours sincerely ,
Despite being used in many ways , it could entertain us as well .
Although I imagine them in my house in my future , I am sure I would be surprised if I had them .
A useful helper : the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations .
Although the world of computers will develop day by day , I lively hope we ( human beings ) can maintain our way of seeing things .
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE WINNER OF YOUR COMPETITION ! I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE .
IT IS ONLY POSSIBLE FOR ME TO TRAVEL IN JULY BECAUSE OF MY IRREGULAR WORK .
HE 'S A SMALL ONE !
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU
YOU KNOW THAT I ALWAYS WANTED TO HELP AT A CONCERT . TO BE PART OF THE STAFF WOULD BE WONDERFUL , I THOUGHT . AND I WAS RIGHT !
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION WHICH IS ALWAYS RESPONSIBLE FOR BIG EVENTS .
ALL OF THE STAFF AND THE ORGANISATION SPOKE ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE .
WE WERE A GROUP ! ONE TEAM ! BEFORE THE CONCERT WE HAD A BREAK TO EAT SOMETHING AND TO TALK TO EACH OTHER .
THE CONCERT WAS VERY LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK HARD .
GREETINGS AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON
However , it was a very disappointing evening for me .
Firstly , it was mentioned that there were going to be two stars but , in fact , only one actor was performing in the show .
Thirdly , the advertisement said that discounts were available but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or available .
In addition , the advertisement mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker .
Finally , I would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disappointing evening out and the misleading advertisement you have created .
Nowadays , modern technology is becoming absolutely essential to our daily life .
Without all this your life would definitely change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago .
If this continues to happen our life will be very miserable as accidents happen all the time .
Thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which , we are sure , will be very exciting .
I would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the " London Fashion and Leisure Show " and we have found it very interesting .
Suddenly I heard a noise from my garden and I wanted to know what it was , but it was impossible to do it .
I was afraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house .
I was very frightened , but I knew that I had to do something .
I was sure there was someone on the other side of the wall .
The only thing which really disappointed me was a visit to your theatre where I wanted to see the musical ' over the rainbow ' , after I read the advertisement for the show .
The things that really disappointed me were that you said Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were the actors but they were n't , different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad .
To be honest that was not a great experience and I hope you will see my point .
Since everyone can afford modern technology everyone 's life in the more developed countries has changed completely .
So in the last century our daily life has changed dramatically and we have become lazy and our life impersonal , fast and unromantic .
Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another , unknown actor who starred instead of him .
All those inaccuracies spoilt what should have been a memorable evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket .
He did it some more times , and in the end nobody took any notice of the shouts .
You are working with your ideal woman , I still ca n't believe that I spoke with her .
At first I could n't believe that I was a winner
My school starts in September and it finishes in June .
If I could go in July that would be grate .
I would like to ask you , what sort of clothes should I take with me ? I do n't want to take too much ; jeans , jumper , swimming costume , T - shirt , sports shoes I think should be O.K.
At first I was helping to sell the tickets - it was n't difficult .
We had to check every plug , switch , light .
I could n't believe how big a lamp can be .
Fortunately nothing had happened .
Only people who were helping and organizing this concert could meet her .
Some of them were speaking with her , I was n't this lucky person , but still I 'm happy , that I could be there .
Log cabins may be more comfortable . On the other hand I think that I will be able to " survive " in a tent .
I wish you had been here with me .
You can not imagine how disappointed I was with myself .
We started to put everything on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us .
After all of this we saw the show from the best place , near the stage and afterwards , the thing that I most liked , we were invited to see the group and got their signatures .
I have got a few things to complain about regarding your theatre .
I decided to go and visit your theatre restaurant .
For example , once people had to walk from one place to another , but now we can use science and technology to produce a lot of petrol - powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them .
We can also use technology to produce more food and help them grow faster .
The rules at home are very different . I am allowed to do what I want as long as I study enough to aprove .
It is not always easy , but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them .
I hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact me .
In addition to this , you may have some robots bringing the newspaper to the table , tidying up the house , and doing the shopping . Maybe they will also be your life partners .
I and my friend Emma helped to paint the scenery on the stage .
As you know , I like drawing and painting when I have some free time so that is why I chose to paint the scenery .
Moreover , the restaurant was still under construction so that we could n't use it when we were extremely hungry .
One of the biggest things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication .
I have mentioned a few changes above but there 's still the biggest one left , which is related to the field of computers .
I refer to your advertisement in the Herald Tribune where you advertised the Circle Theatre and the recent musical :
When we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisement so we had to buy the most expensive ones .
I am looking forward to your prompt reply .
Today the fashion industry has a great importance in the commercial market .
There are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more synthetic materials , which relay on the production cost .
In 100 years most clothes will be made from synthetic material .
The contrast will be especially attractive .
Furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individual but there will still be numerous clothes for conservative people .
On balance fashion in 100 years time will be comfortable and colourful .
There will be clothes for everyone 's taste .
Our school is really very disciplined , especially about our clothes and behaviour .
When I read the advertisement , it said that the restaurant would be open .
On behalf of the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised , especially the idea of visiting a gallery .
I grew up through the water world and I could n't live without it .
I love sports so I would like to play some basketball at the camp . By the way , my team and I won the last school championship . I play guard on my team . I also like tennis but I am not very good . I was wondering if you could give me some lessons while I am there .
I do not have words to express how happy I am . I would like to thank you and Camp California for this opportunity .
Since man became man he has needed to hunt to survive . In ancient times he used spears , bows and arrows , and the woman 's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff .
Nowadays , in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a different way , we do n't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle , we use the remote to hunt TV shows , and we do not collect vegetables any more , we go shopping .
This activity of shopping has become one of our most important , after all , we go shopping for any reason , we have developed such an instinct for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle .
If an activity has stayed with us , mankind , for so long , it must give us some pleasure and maybe that 's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it , that is the greatest of ecstasies .
But where is the bad part of it ? Well shopping can became horrible at Christmas for example , when hundreds of people go to the shopping centre and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer .
Shopping is not always enjoyable because of several factors .
One could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like , and you decide to buy it , but when you see the price , you find out that it 's too expensive , and you can not afford to buy it .
This situation is very annoying for most people , and that 's what makes shopping unenjoyable .
Why do n't we include some sports , for example , volleyball ?
Furthermore , it 's a worthwhile experience for people who want to know about other countries ' arts .
Finally , with regard to tickets , it is a really wonderful idea because it is more convenient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people .
One day , when the old man went into the bamboo bush , he found some bamboo gritted white .
He had never seen such bamboo before but decided to cut it down .
THE KIND OF ACCOMMODATION I PREFER IS A TENT BECAUSE AT SUMMER CAMP I FIND IT MORE INTERESTING SLEEPING OUTSIDE UNDER THE SKY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE AND WARM .
I'M QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL BECAUSE I USED TO PLAY FOR ABOUT FIVE YEARS AT SCHOOL . WE USED TO HAVE TRAINING SESSIONS TWICE A WEEK AND AT LEAST TWO GAMES A MONTH AGAINST ANOTHER SCHOOL , WHICH WAS GREAT .
PAINTING ALWAYS DID FASCINATE ME , EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT SO GOOD AT IT , BUT MY FRIENDS SAY I CAN REALLY PAINT AND THEY LOVE THE THINGS I DO . THE TECHNIQUE I LIKE THE MOST IS WATERCOLOURS .
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN ?
The reason I 'm writing this letter to you is that during my stay in London I felt very disappointed about your theatre .
After all the inconvenience that made me feel really mad . I think I can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money I spent there , and some more for all the problems I had .
As you already know , I am trying to become a professional photographer , consequently I would choose photography as the first activity and painting as the second .
However , I would like to know if by any chance the photography activities are only for beginners .
Actually most people work hard to earn their money and consequently , the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful , or simply something they like , should be considered a very pleasant occasion .
In fact , the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjoyable , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and moreover you are often faced with some nasty situations .
First of all , when I paid my entrance fee they did n't accept my discount ticket , they told me that the ticket was fake , then I entered the theatre and I had to wait 45 minutes . The show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 , " this shows a lack of respect " .
Manager , I expect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre , so I 'm asking you for my money back , because it was a very bad evening .
It all started when Pat , Nick 's best friend , wanted to have the party at his house . Most of the class disagreed with that because the Pat 's house is extremely little , they started to say to him that his house was like a box .
Pat got very angry and sad .
At first Nick got angry but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other .
Nick told the situation to the class and offered his house for the party , because it was very big , with large gardens and a big swimming pool .
To begin with the school rules , we have in fact some important ones .
Since I have studied photography for several years , I would like to take some pictures of beautiful scenery in California .
I had to pay the full price for them , which was quite expensive .
It turned out to be impossible : the restaurant was closed and we did n't even receive an explanation .
The development of portable communication systems , such as mobile phones , has greatly changed our way of life .
It is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime , even if we are two thousand kilometres away from each other .
Precision industry has changed my life a lot too . I go Scuba Diving during the weekends and holidays .
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in August .
How can shopping be enjoyable in this situation !
I believed everything she told me .
I was surprised that he believed me .
Yours sincerely ,
They are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of privacy and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people , to feel that they are unknown and anonymous and they do not have to wear sunglasses , hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised .
Furthermore , you asked me to choose two activities I would like to do .
And now for them shopping can be considered like a contrariety .
It is quite obvious that celebrities ca n't lead a normal life , as they are constantly followed by reporters , which makes their life miserable .
I am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is widely discussed in the mass - media .
Last of all , it says in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant open after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was being redecorated and no announcement was made .
Therefore I would like are refund of my ticket and I would like an apology .
Yours Sincerely ,
What do you think models will wear on the catwalks ?
In my opinion , clothes will be a lot different in 100 years ' time .
For the accommodation at Camp California , I would prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent , and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain . A log cabin 's more resistant than a tent .
For the activities , I chose climbing because I took a course for 2 weeks last year and now I have a good level of proficiency . For the other one I chose photography but I am not a professional , I just take some pictures on my holiday !
Next weekend I have a date with one of them , but I wo n't tell you the name because you 'll feel jealous !
I would like to do photography and swimming .
I love to take photos but I do n't have any technique .
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves , like clothes , jewellery , anything .
When you buy something you were looking for a long time and , when you arrive at home , you discover some defect on it and have to go back to the store to complain .
Secondly , I would like to choose a tent for accommodation , because I have never spent time in a tent , that 's why , I think it is a good opportunity for me .
I have plenty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part .
I would be grateful if you could inform me .
My jobs were collecting tickets , selling goods and refreshments , guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after the concert finished .
What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achieved through our support .
I really recommend you to help them , I think this is a good opportunity and I want you to understand my feeling well .
I want to know your opinion .
On the other hand , their stories always make them embarrassed because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the people 's attention .
All of them were shocked by what they heard .
She became very shy and angry . She could n't talk with people and she was just very sad .
I want to tell you that I am very disappointed about the play .
In the advertisement it said that Danny Brook was in the starring role .
And also it should have started at 19.30 , as I saw in the advertisement , but it started at 20.15 !
And so far there were n't any discounts available which were said to be " available " in the advertisement .
You should have written it in the advertisement .
Absolutely it was very disappointing
I hope you understand and will correct your mistakes in the next advertisement and send me my money soon !
Today 5 out of every 10 pupils can use a computer basically .
It is really enjoyable when I chat with people .
Technology is also important in another area for me .
But some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was writing something on the board .
Unfortunately I have to complain about the musical show put on in your Circle Theatre last night .
When I received your advertisement concerning the show " Over the Rainbow " I thought that I 'd have a great evening , but unfortunately it was a big disappointment for me .
First of all , Danny Brook - the main actor in this musical - was absent .
You also offered discounts - what kind of discounts ?
Because the show was very long , we were getting hungry but of course your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holiday .
I had not any money for travelling and my parents were going to give me some only if I had concrete plans .
After one month , I went back home and told my parents what a lot of fun I had with my friends - I do n't know why I was such a liar .
My parents believed my story until my younger brother Pat told them the truth .
Now my parents do n't believe my story .
I hope you will not feel offended , but I really need to complain about your theatre .
You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not performing and I was more bewildered that no one made an apology for it !
Although , I would have felt better if I had had a discount on my ticket , as you mentioned in the advertisement , but unfortunately , these could n't possibly be given either !
If more and more engineers work in science and technology , it must be because it is really useful : but in what particular way ?
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month , which could be between the first and the fifteenth of July , because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip .
Although I like camping and sharing with different kinds of people , I 'd prefer a comfortable and private place ( if it 's possible ) where I can sleep , or be quiet .. I am not a teenager !
I was running the whole show . My responsibility was to dress her .
I really liked the exhibitions .
The band " Three Kings " presented a new style of music .
I would like to notice that the dance show was absolutely marvellous .
What a great idea to invite writers ! I really liked talking with them .
You wrote an advertisement saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert , but there were artists from only 6 countries .
It was really a pity because I expected to see artists from France and Italy .
The International Arts Festival was organised quite well . I would only recommend you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall .
They were so poor that sometimes they hardly had anything to eat .
She persuaded him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her .
Also , the e - mail system is really helpful .
Circle Theatre
Finally we had the worst evening I have ever imagined , it was definitely not the " perfect evening " as written in the advertisement .
Synthetic materials have developed and become very popular so they would keep going .
I guess they will wear a sort of tunic over a shirt and a skirt , or more masculine clothes because they want to change .
About the accommodation , I would prefer a tent because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities .
In conclusion , like all things in life , shopping can be pleasant or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day .
It gives us knowledge useful for many school clubs , like the " marathon shell " club or the robotics club .
Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer . It lets us identify our abilities and the part of mechanics that we prefer .
Our engineering school is specialised in mechanics and thermodynamics .
First , we could film the fluid mechanics lessons and the general mechanics lessons .
I wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories , in which we could show a student doing experiments .
Future students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport .
Another point to record would be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time . It will show a part of the way of life in the school .
If possible , the type of accommodation I prefer is a tent .
I will be very glad to participate in your camp !
Yours faithfully
The show 's date is very convenient - March 14 - , and it is on in the Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there .
Although this statement is absolutely true , it seems there is no way to stop public attention , so they will have to keep living with journalists .
My name is Marcia Fomalar , I am writing to let you know how disappointed I felt when I went to the musical at the London theatre .
I went to buy a ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near the stage I bought a £ 20 ticket but when I asked for a discount they told me , " I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement . It will be impossible to give you a discount " .
At 19:15 I was very impatient , waiting for the show to begin , and a man announced that the show would start at 20:15 .
Finally the show started and to my surprise my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor .
Pat sent a fax to my house with the different alternatives she had thought of but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the surprise was ruined .
The other activity that I chose is painting . I am not as good as I want , nevertheless I think I can improve my skills during this course .
I would like to know how the weather is in California during the summer so I can bring with me the appropriate clothes and the last thing I need to know is the amount of money that I have to bring with me .
To make this report easier and faster , it was necessary to make a questionnaire which was given out in the school .
However , 15% thought that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important .
As you can see , my classmates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have .
A few weeks ago , my family and I had a holiday in London . The holiday was n't too good !
During the week we decided where we wanted to go . We all agreed to listen to music so then we decided to go to your musical show and listen to " Over the Rainbow " .
That evening we did n't want to have our supper before the show . Anyway I thought it would be too early to eat and also because the timetable or candidates you give me have say : " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " .
So we did , but unfortunately it was closed and I was so disappointed about it , not only because we had expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to be the actor of starring .
We do n't expect much bad to happen on our holiday , but this was a perfect show as well , it was the worst show and theatre I have ever been to in my life .
sincerely Ki
To help us to live happily , scientists can easily predict the changes on earth , so that we can have time to prepare or defend ourselves from natural disasters .
Weapons are designed to kill and defend in a fight . In the Second World War so many Germans were killed . Also many people died in other regions ,
Poisonous chemical compounds , e.g. gases and liquids , are created too . They have been used to kill people . Most of them produce radiation , which can disable a person , mostly harming their brain and their bodies , and it can also cause death .
Communication technology , e.g. internet ( networks ) and mobile phones .
In wars soilors communicate with mobile phones though places to place to get or give information about themselves and the enemy .
By using the Internet we can make new pen friends overseas , and create clubs and societies .
Now a message can travel quicker and it is also worldwide . sending letters takes about a week from Hong Kong to the U.K. , but network , e.g.
Modern technology saves us a lot of time and brings us many benefits when we use it in the right way , but some bad way to e.g. send virus to break down network .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party was n't as successful as we thought .
We decided to go to his place ( I 've got a copy of the key ) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the lounge , then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived .
With reference to our trip to London , on behalf of all of us , the English class in this college , we would like to thank you for your special attention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in London .
We have been very excited about this and coincidentally we have found another option to add to our programme , certainly if you agree with it .
We thought that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowadays in England concerning fashion , leisure , sports and lifestyle .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
I was at home putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and , suddenly , he rang the bell . He was so tense with a gun in his hands and I could no longer speak . He took me out with him .
I had tried to think about stopping him , but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocaine using my cheques .
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , of which you are the manager .
Although it was written in the show 's advertisement that the main actor was Danny Brook , it , unfortunately , was not him .
It was also written in the show 's advertisement that there would be discounts available on the tickets .
Even though the advertisement said we should visit it after the show , it was closed and no explanations were given .
In conclusion , the advertisement promised this would be a perfect evening out , but it was not , so I would like to ask for my money back .
One day , I innocently told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe , the school 's hunk and most popular boy .
Suddenly , an enormous sadness caught me , because Philip had begged me not to tell anyone , so he would definitely break up with me , and I knew I was going to stop talking to Pat , because she had just ruined my happiness and I could n't trust her anymore .
One day , while I was studying maths , one of my friends , called Pat , asked me to have a coffee with her .
The problem started when I confessed to her that I had fallen in love with Larry , who was my cousin 's boyfriend .
Surprisingly there was a completely different actor starring .
Unfortunately the restaurant was closed .
He is only looking for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccessful for 86 days .
Little by little we were growing up and becoming close friends .
I relied on her and our relationship was excellent .
It is my only favourite hobby .
To reply to your question , it was really a nice experience .
As you know , I like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favourite singers .
I would be most grateful if you could let me have some information :
- Are there leisure and entertainment facilities close to the camp ?
I am really surprised for the information because I won , and I would like to say thank you for everything . This is why I wrote and sent this letter with the information you need I can only travel in July because it is the only time when I can do it before for my work I do not really care what accommodation I will have . I would prefer to come in July I will be available for the moment . I would really appreciate it if you could tell the people who work at Camp California I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really interested in those subjects . I am not really really good but I have some experience .
I think that is everything I would like to know .
I want to apologise to you , because I haven't written to you recently , but I want to tell you what happened to me last week . I had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city . So imagine , I felt really really good and excited . I do n't have words to describe it but I will try to do it , OK ?
What 's more , your letter said about the chance to do two activities during the camp .
I have even won a competition once .
I would like to know if the , , travel costs '' which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places , because I would like to do some sightseeing in the U.S.A. Furthermore , if there will be cmy tumble dryer or washing machine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp .
When describing the advantages , we should remember that most people like doing shopping .
Very often people go to a shop - usually a big department store and buy things which they do not need .
From my point of view it depends on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not .
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about some things that happened at the performance of the show Over the Rainbow , which took place in your establishment , The Circle Theatre , which made me feel very upset .
I was very excited to see it yesterday , but as soon as I arrived at the theatre the problems began .
Yours sincerely ,
Firstly , the great boom in mass communication which happened at the beginning of our decade , with the development of telephones , radio stations , television and even satellites , and of course , the Internet , gave ordinary people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world , and this allowed health and education research to increase as well .
In addition to that , people will always be afraid of a technological war .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore , we have to use it with a great deal of responsibility for us all to survive in the future .
And is there anything else I have to take with me ?
Yes , it is true . This is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before , and some women do n't earn money . They have no idea how difficult it is to earn money .
It would be wonderful to buy some books or programmes with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival .
I hope this letter will help you with organizing the festival .
Every pupil has to sit alone . ( I mean that one desk is given to one person . )
2 . One should have such marks as , , 3 " , , , 4 " , , , 5 " , not , , 2 " , which is equal to fail .
We do n't have old - fashioned rules or anything like that .
First of all , it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest month in the year , and the weather will be really nice .
Despite my lack of experience in climbing I do want to try this type of sport .
The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed .
I have interviewed each student from my English class .
Firstly , the English lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their knowledge .
It contributes to the world 's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistible fascination .
We should n't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college , especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of Shakespeare .
Also , painting is one of my favourite things !
Anyway , I really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month so that I 'd like to write about it !
Anyway , by the time we finished everything , thousands of fans came into this concert hall .
I 'm writing to you with reference to the letter I have received from you saying I have won your competition .
Well , as you ask , I will tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins , I 'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsibilities .
Regarding the choice of tents or log cabins , I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping close to nature , if possible , in front of a lake or a river , if your campsite has one , so that I will be able to do my favourite and skillful hobby : sailing .
I would like to travel only in July , because I have only one month 's holiday this year .
It is not too comfortable , but that is not a problem for me . I like this kind of holiday .
I never had met pop stars before and I was very impressed , but I was too happy to show my shyness .
I stayed with him until the concert began and after the show I had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dancers .
So , unfortunately , I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had , and having given the reasons , I expect to be able to count on your sense of responsibility , so , I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds I spent on that terrible night .
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continuous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries .
It would be a fun experience !
Women , in particular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see .
This was the best thing that had ever happened to the Fennall family for yeats .
Which was very shocking for her mother .
SINCE I HAVE A CHOICE OF ACCOMMODATION , I'LL DEFINITELY GO FOR THE LOG CABIN , BECAUSE I CAN'T BEAR THE HEAT INSIDE A TENT .
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE WEATHER CONDITIONS , SO I CAN DECIDE ON WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE , AND ABOUT COSTS , SO I CAN MAKE A BUDGET FOR THE HOLIDAY .
AFTER THE STAGE WAS BUILT , THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE ; I COULD STAY EITHER BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF THE STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEEDED . I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF TECHNICAL THINGS I DIDN'T KNOW ; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY !
I 'm writing to you to complain about a play I have seen , called : " Over the rainbow " .
It was clear that Pat had to change and show his friends that they could believe in him thoroughly .
For those next few days , Pat would do his best to be as sympathetic as possible .
To begin with , every morning Pat said a pleasant " hello " and added to that a big smile .
His mother always says : " If you are smiling and are nice to people , people will be nice and will smile at you " .
I would prefer to travel in July . I have only this time , because my summer holidays are during these days .
A cabin reminds me too much of my home and is too comfortable . That is n't what I want to have if I stay in a wild area .
I was able to ask anybody , and he answered in detail , although he had a lot of work .
I 'm writing to you following our visit to your theatre last night .
And I would like to know if it is possible to have our money back .
And if someone else knew , I would n't be able to go back to heaven unless I killed the person who told my secret .
And I would like to go in the first part of this month , the second part I spend with my family .
While I will be at the Camp I would like sailing , because it is my favourite sport .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion this book ' The Old Man and the sea ' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway wrote .
Thise book is about a man who knows that he will die soon , he knows that he did n't make his dream come true .
So he decided to go for a last trip in his life .
He needs to rest , but he does n't give up .
In the end he makes his dreams come true , he catches a vast Marlin .
In this book Hemingway is trying to tell us , that if we want something , we can get it , it might be difficult and take a long time but we can do it .
Sometimes they give up , before they get something ,
I read the advertisement and I thought it was going to be a pleasant evening .
From the beginning it was all a disappointment .
When I went to buy the ticket I tried to get a discount with my student card , but that was not possible .
I let this pass and I bought it anyway , thinking that it was possible that this was only a mistake in your advertisement .
But the play started forty - five minutes late , and the star of the show , of whom I 'm a great fan an who was the main reason for why I decided to see the play , had been changed for another actor , who turned out to be really bad .
I think you realise why I 'm writing this letter to ask you to give me my money back .
All the things that were promised in your advertisement were untrue , and it was definitely NOT the perfect evening out .
Expecting that you will resolve this misunderstanding .
There 's no doubt that modern technology has changed our lives , but how ?
I think that some of the changes have been very good , like the improvement in medical science , which now can save millions of people that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives .
It has changed the ways people communicate .
But technology has not only changed our lives in a good way , giving us things that can make our lives more comfortable , it has also created things that are n't bad , but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world .
Weapons and factories are destroying our planet and we need to realise that we have to use technology to improve our lives , while always trying to respect nature .
Regarding the accommodation , I would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because I have a lot of experience of putting up my own tents .
I like to go window shopping that is good to go around the shopping centre .
Then I can say I definitely do n't feel it is enjoyable .
- Accommodation : a log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California .
Before we can give our opinions on this statement we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing .
We do not speak here about luxury goods .
But if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consciousness and more joy than before . '
How incredible it is !
I love swimming and also I 've got a scuba diving licence .
I used to enjoy floating on the water whenever I was on holiday .
Singing is the most favourite hobby for us .
I 'd like to know how much money , and how many clothes we need .
Of course , the shopkeepers are human beings as well .
But for their considerations , they 're working in their routines .
I sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviour .
For example , for our jobs , special ceremonies , and so on .
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there were no discounts whatsoever and , finally , because of a shortage of staff , your restaurant was not open .
I asked myself how I could be so stupid , telling her my secret after all I had been going through to keep it to myself .
Now I did n't need to go around worrying about it anymore .
I decided to thank Pat , and maybe , if possible , teach her a lesson .
I pretended to be totally miserable .
Pat did n't know what to do . She apologised over and over again and I could really see that she was more than devastated .
After hugging each other we promised never to tell others about our secrets .
However , it was delayed and it started at 20.15 .
The theatre restaurant was closed after the show , they said funds had run out .
Those are totally unacceptable so I would like to get paid for my ticket cost .
I ask you to transfer money into this account .
Think about the computer , the speed of computers is much faster than before .
Nowadays , technology keeps developing and better technology gives us an easier life .
In the hope that you understand me .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
At first , when he had a girlfriend , they talked to each other frankly .
But after they separated , he told his friends her secrets without thinking .
It is like one of his bad habits .
It was a very unpleasant evening .
The restaurant should have been open when I came out , but it was closed because of the time the show finished .
After breakfast I have to use my car to get to school .
Without technology I would get really bored .
I would be very grateful to receive answers to my questions .
Boy , he 's really really handsome !
Secondly , the show was meant to begin at 19.30 pm , actually it began at 20.15 pm and that was without giving any explanation !
Another thing that has changed my daily life is the mobile phone .
Sometimes the ring is annoying but , finally , the mobile phone is a great , handy object .
About the accommodation , from the two options , I choose to sleep in a tent , because I think that a log cabin is n't as authentic as a tent , at the camp .
I would be grateful if you could send me further information about details like how much money or what kind of clothes I 'll have to take with me .
You know that I 'm a little bit lazy , but the main reason for not writing to you has been the accumulation of exams during this month .
There I was impressed by how a singer can cause such hysteria in teenagers .
During the two - hour concert we had to attend to thirty - six people who became unconscious after being trapped in the first row by the other people .
Answering the second question , I would prefer my accommodation to be in log cabins .
And when it finally started , it was n't Danny Brook who performed .
After the show I wanted to drink something in your theatre restaurant but when I arrived it was closed because the show started too late !
So I ask you sincerely for my money back because it was n't a perfect evening out .
I told her that my parents are getting divorced and that I will move to Chicago with my mother .
One day , Pat and I were going home , when she asked me if I would give a party before I go .
I had to tell her that I did n't have the time to organise anything because we , my mother and I , had to get our stuff ready to move .
But when we got into the house there were all my friends !
We had a great evening because Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets !
I am writing to give the information you asked me for and also I would like to request some information about the prize .
Furthermore I would like to choose to stay in a tent instead of a cabin because I think it could be more exciting and could provide more contact with the environment .
He had a puncture and he did n't know how to repair it . Then I changed the tyre and during this time he was asking me about my hobbies , studies , everything .
I am writing to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter .
The job was hard , but , from my point of view , it was worthwhile .
The most exciting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert , and we went to the Highlands to spend the whole day there .
That was fantastic !
If you have never been there , I really recommend you to go .
But we decided to buy a picture , because she had always told us about art galleries with great excitement .
Yours sincerely
Despite the fact that going to school by bus was easier than going by bicycle , I had preferred going to school by bicycle to going by bus .
When I went to see her play , I really would love to be an actress .
It was my dream . I wish my daddy
Especially in the summer when the temperature and humidity are very high .
From the list of all the activities I have chosen photography and golf .
I have chosen golf because I have never played this game .
My friend offered me a job as a member of the technical staff at Sting 's concert .
We 've built it using ready metal and wooden parts .
I was working with a specialist who had to connect all the lights together to one computer and prepare a colourful show .
It was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure working with professionals .
For me - the dance shows were absolutely wonderful .
I prefer them to others .
We chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably priced ticket for all the events because we could change our plans during the event .
Most students wear jeans and a sweater .
Next year , you should calculate or examine how many people will come before you choose a hall , which I feel very good was plays and films .
And the offer of a " weekend ticket " was an excellent idea .
Because the price was cheaper than buying it separately and more convenient .
Yours Sincerely ,
Finally , food shops should be added to this festival next year because only plays and films were not attractive enough to get audiences .
Yours sincerely ,
However , I can go out whenever I want , even at midnight .
Secondly , boys are not allowed to have long hair .
I feel that they would be fabulous places with a western design .
Another disadvantage of the festival 's programme was the lack of plays and films which are the best to display a modern country 's culture , I think .
In conclusion , I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be made .
Fortunately , there are many ways to earn some money nowadays .
In addition to baby - sitting , you may also give some lessons to small children such as ( tl ) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language , English , for example .
But if you do n't like children and are not easy - going enough to work as a waiter you may choose the more peaceful job of a typist at home .
So , you can help them and earn quite enough .
Moreover , men prefer to do sports , because shopping wastes a lot of time , which is contrary to the tastes of women , because if they have any free time , they will go shopping .
Finally , I would be interested in meeting artists from everywhere in the world not only European artists .
In conclusion , I had an unforgettable time .
The restaurant was closed because there was n't any electricity . You should close the theatre until the restaurant can be used .
I was totally unsatisfied with the theatre and I would like to have my money back if that 's possible .
I 'm quite sure that people all around the world will be wearing very different clothes in the future because people , especially women , who like to be very elegant and beautiful , will create and invent all kinds of clothes to anybody and that 's it .
You ca n't be careful because you do n't know what time it will happen .
But you can be careful when you speak with he or she who is stealing your things .
I am writing this as a reply to your request to provide you with some information about my preferences .
I am not so keen about the accommodation but would rather stay in tents than cabins .
We live near the seashore and swimming is the sports activity I am really good at .
Sometimes I feel very sorry for her .
Lots of families plan a day out to go to a shopping centre , and it is a normal routine for them - to spend all day just shopping .
I would like the trip to start in July if possible . Because this is my holiday start at the Camp California , I would like my accommodation in a tent , because I work in the Army and on the camp I usually stay in a tent at night , so I will feel more comfortable .
Regarding the activities I would like to choose Swimming and climbing for my activities at the camp ; I usually do these two activities on the Army Camp . I know how to climb up on Rachiat outside and help other people to climb up .
To make a daily life video in school , we should concentrate on the things we do most in a school . The thing we do most in a school is have lessons . It will be a very useful part of this video and should be the main subject .
At the end of the video , we should find one or two students sit together and ask them a few questions about how they feel about studying at the school ? This is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school .
It would be great .
And we could n't wear any colourful clothes and socks .
I 'm persuading my mum , perhaps .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's newspaper .
In addition to this , I was wondering if you could organize the same festival in the summer .
Unfortunately , Daniela fainted .
This story happened a long time ago .
Now Pat realized what was going on and could understand why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret .
Nevertheless , I lost my concentration on my studies and I spent the money on entertainment .
I will never ever help anybody to organise a pop concert again .
But after this servile work I met Eminem .
As regards painting , I know a lot about it since my grandmother taught me when I was five years old .
She also told me that she has some connections with the people in charge of the lights at the concert .
Since I am going to travel I would like to know how much money it would be advisable to take and what kind of clothing I should take .
Or approximately how much money would be enough to buy souvenirs because this will be the first time for me visiting California .
Finally , I must choose travelling there in July because I am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work .
However , things which you can get with money do not necessarily fill your dissatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more , your emptiness might be greater .
And shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your partners .
On the whole , shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you might be extravagant , lose your friends and have what you do n't need .
We think we could change the shopping to go to the show .
To sum up , there is no perfect job , and being famous involves a lot of money , but also a lot of journalists following your private life .
All the group would enjoy going to the show , because it is a great opportunity to see an exhibition of the latest fashions .
For example , we ca n't go to the toilet during lessons . We have to go there in the break .
It 's too strict . I do n't like it .
My name is Sandre Atos , I am writing to you because last weekend I went to the theatre you manage , to see what was called " London 's newest and best musical show " .
That 's why I am writing to ask for some money back ; I believe I have this right .
Unfortunately my parents did not realize how TV was creating a role among us .
On the other hand , due to scientific developments , I am getting better , recovering from asthma .
I had a very disappointing evening last Saturday .
I had everything planned ; my family and I were coming to watch your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was disastrous .
Then everything was going well until the show did n't start !
That was a disappointment for my whole family . In fact all the audience were very disappointed .
Anyway the show was nowhere near as good as it was meant to be and it was definitely worse than I had expected it to be . I did n't enjoy it at all so I was relying on the food to fill me up and relieve some of my stress .
So as soon as the show was over we walked out and followed all the signs for about 5 minutes , desperately searching for your restaurant , our stomachs rumbling for food .
What kind of an organisation do you call this , sir / madam ?
You do n't understand how disappointed and angry I was that night .
In fact he was one of the principal busybodies of his neighbourhood and his school so not a lot of people in his school liked him .
Some were just friendship groups but others took it seriously , maybe just a bit too seriously . They gave themselves names and acted like gangs rather than just groups of friends , and started picking on younger people , or members of other gangs , trying to start fights with them .
This went on and on , got more and more serious , but it was so secret that the teachers did n't notice .
Everyone in the year was annoyed , but not with Pat , oh , no !
except a few psycho groups . Some of the more serious ones decided to raid this party , just for the fun and meanness of it .
Everyone was enjoying themselves except Pat , who had heard about the raid .
The time had come . The who groups had combined their forces and were ready to strike .
Lots of People were injured and even more were suspended the next day at school , when the Headmaster found out what had happened .
Pat received no punishment at all and he was n't blamed for anything by his teachers or friends .
But he felt awful because he knew that all this had happened because of him .
Do you like do - it - yourself and is your house full of marvellous but useless things ? You could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room !
I am writing in response to the International Arts Festival , which took place on 21 - 22 November .
I would like to inform you that it was a great idea and a valuable activity as a social event .
However , it was a disappointment when I realised that not many countries were attending the event . I would have liked to have seen more countries from all around the world , for instance , the Far East , Indonesia etc .
On the other hand , I enjoyed being one of the people seeing the plays films , the dance shows which were brilliantly performed and the art exhibitions .
Finally , I appreciate your organisation and look forward to hearing about the next International Arts Festival .
What a pity !
Private schools have a more relaxed atmosphere than the state schools .
Of course smoking is n't allowed in any part of the school .
Apart from that I would n't mind at all whether I stay in tents or log cabins but if I have to choose between these two I 'd prefer to stay in tents because they give me a nice feeling of relaxation . It is very unusual to stay in log cabins while you are camping .
Photography is a very interesting activity , and is not too hard to do either .
Worst of all , at the end of the Musical , I went to your Theatre Restaurant , in order to have dinner , because I had left home without eating and so I was hungry at that time .
First of all , modern technology has changed my daily life in the last five years more quickly than in ancient times , or even than a decade ago .
Nowadays , I ca n't go one day without consulting computer communications via e - mail or the Internet . I exchange correspondence with all my family via the Internet , with my mother and 2 brothers who live in Curitilra City and also with a brother who lives in Italy and another who is living in New Zealand .
It 's written in the regulations that we ca n't leave the school during the breaks ; we ca n't smoke near the classrooms ; we have to justify our absences or lateness and even if you 're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher .
Regarding accommodation I would prefer sleeping in a tent because I enjoy the closeness to nature while camping a lot .
I sort of felt like I had done my part to make the concert a success .
The show is going to be on Tuesday the 14 of March from 10.00 to 19.00 and we find it very interesting , because we will have the opportunity to see mews , firstly about the latest fashions , secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make - up and hairstyles .
Thank you very much !
Most of the time they have journalists following them everywhere , looking for a great story or interesting pictures to put on the front page of the newspaper , and I do n't think this is very nice , but it is the price that famous people have to pay , just because they are popular .
Anyway , this is not always necessarily a problem , but it can be a big thing for the famous person , because it gets people talking about him and increases his popularity .
In conclusion , I can say that this is not the biggest problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem because I am not famous !
Coincidentally the show is in London and on Tuesday March 14 , which is during the period we are in London for the three - day programme .
However , journalists should not only think about commercial value , because morality and principles are also concerned .
I remember in August 1997 Princess Diana dying in the car crash was one of the most disastrous examples .
Although we can not deny it is our nature - we are curious - we can improve our sense of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them .
Basle , 12th December 2000
In your letter , you asked me whether the book I 've read would be a suitable present for your cousin 's fifteenth birthday .
You wrote that your cousin is quite interested in magic , detectives and sport , did n't you ? I think this is the best choice for him !
As you know , we are in England to learn your language and also to learn about your lifestyle , and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discover this aspect of your country !
Thank you for your letter , as usual , it 's a pleasure to receive news from you .
It 's a fantastic book , which I recommend to everybody keen on love stories .
It 's a perfect combination of passion and life 's difficulties .
I reckon that it 's not an easy read , but as you described your cousin , I think she really will enjoy it , she 's so good at literature that it wo n't be a problem for her .
I really think you should choose this one for her , it does go with her personality .
It 'll be a good point for her general education . Wuthering Heights is a classic , which everybody knows about , even if they haven't read it , they at least know the story .
How has modern technology changed my life ?
A computer is extremely helpful with writing reports and essays .
But also I am not able to imagine my life without this nice way of receiving news with help of it .
I would be very grateful if you could let us go to the show .
Furthermore , admission is free for students .
Unfortunately , our programme is fixed but I think we could change part of the programme .
Firstly , most people can remember the sad story of " Princess Diana " . She died in Paris a few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called " Paparazzi " .
However , secondly , famous people are not " alien " so they might do something , for example , shameful things in a public space , or argue with a partner or family , even put on a swimming costume like us .
So they can be just ordinary people like us .
Overall , people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people ... and then we can find the answer that all people , including famous people , need a private life and would like to have an ordinary life .
They were eager to have a child , but they had never been able to .
About when I would like to travel , I think that my answer will be easy for you , because I have two months off , those are July and August , so my trip should be in between . Regarding my accommodation I would like to stay in a tent because I remember my holidays in the south of Peru , a long time ago ; it was wonderful .
If it is possible for you to help me clear up some doubts I have , I 'll be really grateful .
Yours faithfully .
First of all , I 'll tell you that on the day of the concert I woke up at 6:30 a.m. , very early for me . You know me , I 'm lazy . The work began around 8:30 . It was very hard but then the band came to rehearse . From that moment I enjoyed working until the concert had finished . The atmosphere was wonderful , the musicians were very kind to everyone who was working because they understood that putting on a concert is a job to be done by a team .
Finally , we would like to get your permission to go . Maybe if it is possible that you can change your programme , we can go to your college any time after Tuesday .
This story happened two years ago .
Not only was I a member of the swimming team in our school , but also I had been taught by my father since I was five years old .
I started thinking about it . After all , either had I never done this task before , or trained .
It was really a reasonably priced weekend for me , but you should also introduce new activities like competitions in singing songs or drawing a portrait next year .
Secondly , the show should have started at 19:30 p.m. , and it began forty - five minutes late .
Moreover , when I went to buy the tickets no discounts were available .
Furthermore , I wanted to have a coffee after the show , but when I tried to get to the theatre restaurant , it was closed .
Balloons and coloured lights were put in all the trees .
I carried a lot of chairs and looked after the queue or people who lost their way .
As we are going to be in London on this date , we think it could be a great opportunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions , make up , etc . and it is free for students .
Because of this , we would kindly ask you to change the programme so that we could go to this particular event .
A special invitation
It allowed people to enjoy their weekend , relax , and also it brought a foreign culture to them , broadening their knowledge .
In addition to this , one weekend ticket for all the events was only £ 10 . This was excellent . It meant people only spent pocket - money , and then they could watch all the events at the weekend . For them it is a really economical way to spend their weekend .
Moreover , the stars and artists were from only six countries . In my opinion , if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries , it will make the festival more exciting , more interesting , and in my opinion , some of the concert halls were too small . The people in there could n't even go to the loo , because it was too crowded .
These are only my immature views . If it is considerable for you , I will be very pleased . Thank you very much .
It was very uncomfortable for me .
Today I received your letter . It is the most wonderful news I have heard in a long time .
I am so pleased that I won this prize that I can not explain how grateful I am .
Because of this situation I will be very busy in the first week of July , and I would appreciate it if you could give me the option to begin my " Camp California " experience on July 10th .
About the accommodation I would prefer to sleep in a tent , because I have never been in one , and it is a lot more fun than log cabins .
Because I have seen my father playing golf since I was a child I am very keen on this sport , and also I love photography because I have got a great camera .
When I was a child I never liked to go shopping because my Mum spent so much time in the shops that I remember that going shopping with her was a nightmare .
It is amazing how people change over the years For example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things , and every week I have to buy something .
But these days shopping is not always enjoyable , because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay the full price , at the end of the season it is half price . I find it very unfair for people who pay a lot of money for their clothes .
Anyway , shopping is always satisfying for rich people , because they can afford it and they do n't mind paying the full price for their clothes .
Modern technology ca n't not transform our daily life .
The inventions of the aeroplane , of the train and of the car , have reduced the distances of the world , so we can go to the other side of the world in half a day .
Everything has changed : style , colour , quality . Fashion .
We saw almost all kinds of skirts , trousers , coats , skirts and even hats - which until now have been the main point of many fashion creatures .
Grey and black - like the seasons , like people 's characters , like all the night and dark surrounding us .
In the advertisement , it said that Danny Brook was starring , but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really disappointing .
As you can understand , it was a dreadful time and I want my money back as a consolation for the disappointment I had .
I support this idea which is convenient both for the public and the organisers .
It is awful !
However , we promised our parents to do some cleaning every week .
What is more , there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital equipment .
The second is nuclear weapons and the many wars in which modern equipment is used .
To sum up , as far as I am concerned , modern technology has changed my life completely .
Last week , during my holiday in London , I had the opportunity to see the show " Over the Rainbow " at the Circle Theatre .
The day of the show , we got to the theatre at 19:30 .
Third , the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef did not show up .
You can feel the fresh air and listen to the animals . This will be a great opportunity !
I am not good at either activity , but it will be a pleasure to try them , especially surfing . I would like to feel the wind in my hair , and enjoy how quickly the board goes over the sea .
I mean , it is too crowded , you have to wait such a long time before you can pay , and most of the things are too expensive !
I was looking forward to a great evening , but much to my surprise , that was not exactly the case : there were no discounts available , such as were mentioned in the advertisement ; the show started 45 minutes late ; I was then very disappointed to see that Danny Brook had been replaced by someone else .
Yours faithfully ,
I will take the example of the use of the Internet .
I am writing to you because yesterday I went to the musical " Over the Rainbow " and I had a bad evening .
First of all , I would like to travel in July because this is the beginning of my holidays , and I would not like to miss some of my school classes .
Besides , I would prefer to stay in a tent , because I got used to being in tents since I spend my holidays every summer with my friends in the hills .
In addition , I would prefer playing tennis .
I also like surfing . I think it is a dangerous sport , but I know how to do it , because of the fact that last year a professional surfer taught me .
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MUSICAL SHOW " OVER THE RAINBOW " WHICH WAS PERFORMED LAST WEEK .
YOURS SINCERELY
Because I am a university student , I have got classes until the middle of June and I have to attend a ' Research and Development Conference ' at the end of June .
Otherwise I have to work at a business department office as an assistant from the beginning of August .
I always want to buy T - shirts , Jeans , Skirts , cosmetics , haribands , accessories , rings , earrings , bracelets , shoes , hats , bags , fancy stationery , interior stuff and CDs .
Instead of buying something , I buy some fresh food and Ice - cream .
I can try all the shoes , clothes , hats , accessories and jackets on .
Actually , I could have a chance to ask her about music , her favourite artist and her hobby .
Likewise , there were no discounts available .
Because of all these inconveniences , I ask you for a total refund .
So when Caroline , his girlfriend , told him something personal and very important , because she trusted in him , immediately he went to see one of his friends to tell him the secret .
So immediately she went to Pat , angry , in order to argue with him , saying that she was annoyed by the way he behaved , and that it was n't the first time that he was n't capable of keeping a secret .
But after I climbed two steps more , my right foot slipped . I nearly fell , but luckily my hand caught a rock . It was dangerous , but I did n't have any choice . Finally I did it .
I think it was definitely not the perfect evening guaranteed in your advertisement .
I was terribly annoyed !
I am always available on my mobile phone , which is also boring sometimes !
I often go on the Internet to find information when studying a particular subject more closely ( university technology sites ) .
At work my particular job involves two standard PCs with specific software plus one workstation with the Stanford University Network ( SUN ) operating system and a special computer that my firm is now developing .
I hope this matter will receive your prompt attention .
For example , if you were hurt seriously like cutting your leg off , the new medical technology could rebuild part of your body .
Also we should be careful as we could be watched by security cameras which have been combined with modern technology .
In conclusion , I conciderly said we has been charged by morder technology in two ways .
I am not very good at painting , but I choose it because it is a good opportunity to do it .
I do n't want to disappoint you , but I am beginner !
In this book , Heathcliff as a child was n't a bad character , but the situations he lived through with the Earnshaw family , where he grew up , made him rude , aggressive and noisy .
Before Heathcliff died he achieved what he wanted .
In your letter you ask me to choose between tents or log cabins . Well I prefer to stay in a log cabin .
It is more comfortable and I am afraid of wild animals .
The other activity I like very much is swimming .
First we had to prepare the stands with food and drink and buy something which had been forgotten .
He is very beautiful !
Fortunately we had no problem .
I was very proud of myself and the work I had done .
Modern technology has completely changed my daily life , which has become more comfortable , and easier .
Thank you for the excellent programme you have organised for our class .
We would like to inform you that we are all extremely interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because entrance is free for students .
We would like to ask if we could go to this show on the 15th March instead of doing the visit to the Science Museum .
Who has never dreamed of being a famous singer , sportsman , actor or a politician ?
Firstly , this is because there are a lot of scandal magazine readers .
What a catastrophe !
A disaster !
Also , I used to assist my brother , who is a professional photographer .
When I read the advertisement for the show I was really excited but after the show I was not very happy because of the following problems .
The advertisement says that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because I was looking forward to them .
The advertisement also says that there are discounts available but this is not true , there were none .
Why do you give this information in an advertisement ?
I have only one question about the baby 's accommodation .
So , you wo n't believe me , but I enjoyed helping at an Oasis concert .
Me and my friend were there to hear the sound - check , and when I understood what was happening on the stage , I decided to help them .
Of course you know I 'm a singer , so I came back quickly to my home , I picked up my microphone , and I handed it to the singer .
Can you imagine ?
I will consider taking this complaint to court if I do not receive an acceptable explanation from the theatre .
On the other hand , people in the future will probably wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water , the harmful ultra - violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which are the product of a developed and full - grown country .
Therefore , I will suggest that we all nov to keep the environment clean and healthy for the next generation .
When I first heard about Over the Rainbow I was very excited about the idea of seeing it , plus when I heard about the extras that the circle theatre was offering , it became the best opportunity I ever had to attend a musical of that type , but instead of being the best evening I ever had , it was a total disaster and that 's the reason why I am writing to you .
First , the actors that the Circle theatre publicised on their tickets for Over the Rainbow were not there , which was very disappointing because the actors starring in the musical were one of its major attractions .
Another point that I want to complain about is the time that the musical was supposed to start ( 19:30 ) but it started at 20:15 , so there was major dissatisfaction with that , but the last and worst thing was that your theatre restaurant was closed because the British health institute considered your food unhealthy , and I am not taking into consideration many other points like unsatisfactory service , and uncomfortable seats .
Science and Technology is a theme very much discussed nowadays , most of the community of our city , and of the world , where technology has arrived , confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life .
But not everything about technology and computers is good , because many people , and me in a control way , have become computers ' and technology 's slaves , and we can not do anything without a machine , and I am not saying that it 's wrong or bad , and I accept that they make our daily tasks easier , but we have to maintain our independence as humans .
First of all , there are quite a lot of advantages to shopping , which are that it can be the solution to our stress and boredom .
Also shopping makes people happier by costing a lot of money and it even influences the economic situation more flexibly .
Also there are plenty of dangers since lots of people have their wallet stolen because it is a public place and there are too many people .
In addition , shop owners often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secretly .
I 'm really pleased I won your competition !
I 'll give you the necessary information about me .
The most suitable time for me is July because in August I intend to go to the countryside , where I have a small farm .
You offer me a lot of activities .
It was absolutely great !
I gave information about correct ways to other places like toilets and medical points .
I looked very carefully at the organisation of the event , you know I 'm interested in it .
I was so surprised to hear from you .
I was really grateful when I received your letter which informed me that I have won first prize in your competition .
Personally I prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents .
Unfortunately I am not good at either of them .
I really hate it , because we 're not allowed to wear casual and fashionable clothes , colourful shoes or colourful socks .
I am very excited and looking forward to the new experience I am going to have .
I would prefer to stay in tents because I love the atmosphere of camping , but I would n't mind staying in log cabins .
It is based on information made available by students from each class at school .
It seemed to be the most interesting lesson , because students always make some mistakes while they are practising with their partner , in spite of having been told by the teacher ten times .
Spending time together out of the class is a nice experience .
Firstly , I should say that I would like to travel in July because that is the month which I could most likely have off from work to go on holiday .
That is because , I do not want to seem fussy , but I like to have some luxuries when I am going on holiday and I think sleeping on the floor without electricity may annoy me .
Conversely , painting is an activity which I have never tried before , so I have not any skill in drawing but I would like to start doing that now when I have the chance .
On the other hand , I would like to know some information which could be useful on my holiday like : what type of clothes would be more suitable for me in the Camp ?
I am writing to tell you about my experience at the pop concert last month , where I was helping my friend Nick , who was the bouncer at the venue .
My job was to accommodate to the people of the main sit of the theatre .
So , I hope to see you soon to show you all my photos .
I think it was very clever of me to record that moment which I will never ever forget , and that was the thing that I liked most about that experience .
I 'm writing to you to make a complaint about your musical show : " Over the Rainbow " ... Last week , I , my husband and our two children went to your theatre to have a good time , but we were so disappointed .
Moreover , there were n't any discounts available like writing in your advertisement .
I will always say thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the machines which do the washing and the washing - up , before this , women spent a long time doing these tasks .
I am writing to give you further information about me which you need for Camp California .
In conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too busy .
1 . Grammar , which is the basis of learning English .
Speaking : it makes you more confident when you talk with other people .
It lets you get more practice .
Writing . This class teaches you how to organise what you want to write .
It is important to practise your English after lessons .
If you have a problem studying , try asking the teachers about which is the best way to study .
Yours sincerely
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me I won the first prize .
So I want you to send me some money back for that unpleasant night .
The headmaster wanted to tell the police what we had done so we decided to imprison him in a little house we had twenty kilometres away from the village until we could change his mind .
We took some photos of him naked and told him not to tell anybody about this because if he does we will hang the photos all around the village .
In the following edition the headline was : " Why does a teenager sleep with a toy called Max ? " Everybody laughed at her .
I would like to travel only in July because I will have some holiday at that time .
3 When you are ready to shop , sometimes you know beforehand what is your priority , because probably you need one thing rather than another .
But the best thing that we do , when we go shopping is spend time having lunch at a snack bar , watching movies and playing computer games .
Last month , I worked as a roadie at a Rolling Stones pop concert . I was responsible for the sound .
Some people when they are tired relax by sleeping , reading a book or watching television , but not me .
There are always , at the end of the afternoon , some well - dressed women coming from their offices and they just spend one hour in the shop without buying anything .
However , it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable , for example before Christmas or during some special sales .
Secondly , the show began forty - five minutes late and nobody told me what had happened .
I preferred riding a motorbike with the people who studied with me in the Institute .
You have a chance to meet people and now you have an opportunity to select good friends .
I like Danny Brook as an actor and when I read that he would be starring , I booked the ticket immediately .
I belong to the generation who have grown up with a lot of new technology .
For example , TV , telephone , microwave etc .
I thought I would never need a mobile phone , but my mum and dad gave me one for Christmas last year and now I ca n't live without it !
But the invention that I 'm most thankful for is the computer and the Internet !
So , I start every day by switching on my mobile phone , to see if there are any more SMS messages before I go to the library to check my e - mail and that 's just the beginning of the day ...
Second , I would rather stay in a log cabin , because I tend to get very nervous in small closed places , so a tent would be inappropriate for me .
I haven't played golf for a long time , so it will be pleasant to do so .
Yours sincerely ,
The fans started shouting and whistling for the show to begin , while I just stood there trying to see what had happened .
When we saw your advertisement for the musical show , over the rainbow , we immediately decided that this would be a perfect evening out .
Thirdly , in your advertisement it said that discounts would be available , but they were not .
I am therefore asking for compensation for our disappointing evening and hope we can reach a solution as soon as possible .
I really like Pat , she 's funny , has a good sense of humour and like me she loves to discuss everything .
I have received your exciting letter , informing me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA .
I much prefer sleeping in tents . It seems more sociable and really sounds like holidays .
So one week before the concert I went to " L'Arena " to meet the other worker and receive the instructions .
I 've had the honour of helping their sound engineer and branching the cables for microphones , guitars etc .
We really started to work like ants the morning before the show .
It was exciting looking at all three men working together and building a stage , and it was interesting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configure his computers to get the best sound possible .
About two hours before the beginning of the show , we met the band and received tickets to go backstage . That was wonderful , maybe better than the concert itself !
That 's a great experience !
Apart from this , photography is one of my favourite hobbies and I usually spend nearly all my spare time doing it and of course I have some diplomas as well .
I would like to request some information about accommodation and if you could specify what this trip includes , since I need to know how much money I have to take .
I feel that this was a good opportunity for me , not only for my professional but also for my personal life .
According to my job , I had to help the teams with the outlights and , of course , it was my first professional experience : in the end I felt like one of them , because they were so kind to me , and I could help a lot and I learnt a lot with this project .
I prefer that kind of accommodation because I can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there , but I ca n't have it in a tent .
These are my favourite because they have a lot to do with water , but I like them more than surfing .
I agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shops in the centre of a big town .
These days people prefer shopping at supermarkets rather than at shops or even shopping centres , because shopping at a shop is less enjoyable and you spend the same amount of money .
There were 963 people at the " Armageddon " that night !
You must show a great sense of responsibility .
I 'm sure you are jealous now .
Now I am studying and I 'll continue my studies until the end of June .
I think it 's a very useful and helpful thing for my health , especially when I do it with pleasure .
The second of my favourite sports is tennis .
I 've played tennis for ten years . I 'm a professional and I have to be good at it , in any time .
The most enjoyable thing was to dress people .
But when we saw our show and heard how loudly the audience applauded them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time . You should try it and see .
I would like to stay in a tent because I used to go camping at weekends but if there 's any problem I could be very comfortable in a log cabin too .
I have never tried either of them before and as a result I ca n't be good at them but I 've always wanted to sail because I love the sea and now I have the opportunity .
If you do n't mind I would like to know what kind of clothes are appropriate for the camp and for the Californian weather .
First of all , we usually go to the shops at the same time as the rest of the world and that 's a little bit complicated because the shops are full and it 's impossible to try accurately .
I would be grateful if you could send me the full details .
In the following paragraphs I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of shopping .
In a supermarket , shop or department store they have many things .
It is very convenient .
Sometimes , there are so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are in a hurry while you are in a long queue .
Most people enjoy shopping because it is more convenient today but if you found a busy place for shopping or it was not as good as you expected .
Dear Sir or Madam , With reference to your advertisement regarding the musical show " Over the rainbow " I am writing to you with the intention of giving you an impression of our experiences attending the above - mentioned show . We were disappointed to realize that not Danny Brook but a different actor played one of the main characters .
According to your advertisement the play should have started at 19:30 .
What made the situation worse is that no explanation for the delay was given ; not even an apology .
A story of an old seaman leaving his town to prove that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught .
Last week I was on holiday in London and I was very disappointed when I visited your theatre .
First of all , the show was supposed to start at 19.30 , but it was delayed until 20.15 , and when the show finally began we were surprised to see that Danny Brook , who was the star of the show , was not playing and someone else had replaced him and he was really disappointing .
Anna told her again : " Pat do n't tell anyone please , especially my brother , everything would be ruined then " . And Pat answered : " Do n't worry I wo n't tell anyone " .
The big secret was that Anna was preparing a surprise party for her brother John and she did n't want anyone to know about it .
It will be a pleasure to give you all the information which you need .
As far as I know accommodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins .
It 's more convenient for me .
I am a good defender .
I 'd like to know what temperature it will be in July in California and your advice about how much money I will need to have an unforgettable holiday !
If we decide to buy something special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it .
During a prior holiday in London I came across an encouraging advertisement for the show and decided to see it .
Unfortunately , I was very disappointed to find out that there were no discounts available !
In addition , I was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15 - not 19:30 as stated in the advertisement .
I 've always enjoyed danger and this time getting the password was , indeed , a tough cookie .
Especially now , when ' big - mouth ' Pat has spread the news to literally everyone . I would n't be surprised if suddenly something bad happened to me .
Furthermore , for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I have been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college as the captain .
Anyway , this was my experience working at the concert . If you have an opportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well , OK .
I am writing to you , in reply to the letter I have recently received , to inform you about some details that I am concerned about .
In your letter you presented the possibility of choosing two activities and I would like to let you know that I would be pleased if I could join in with basketball and climbing , as I am very good at both of them because I played basketball in my secondary school as captain of the team and due to my long training sessions lifting weights .
There is , as well , the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself in the crowds , crammed in the small shops during the only day - off you have to buy something you like .
All this can easily lead to a nervous breakdown , particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way through the crowds or while you were queuing to pay .
I 'm the winner of the first prize in your competition and I 'm writing to you to give you some information which was requested by you .
And it 's creating a lot of addicted people , called " shopaholics " .
I am writing to you because I had a very disappointing evening at the Circle Theatre .
He told me that it was necessary to do something about it .
As Pat was losing his patience , he decided to talk to him .
I can say that I was very nervous and anxious about what was going to happen .
I am writing this letter to inform you about the decisions I have made regarding your questions .
When I was a child I was afraid of all these little insects that live in the ground and this fear still remains now .
I also think that the log cabin will be much more comfortable than the tent .
Basketball and swimming are the two activities I have chosen .
Finally I would like to ask you for some further information about the clothes and the money we will need .
I was only responsible for the property of the back stages .
I was shocked and terrified the first time I saw them , but the truth is that they are men like us .
They have a very simple life and behaviour when they are n't on the stage .
Definitely , it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances I really believe you should give me my money back .
I received your letter about the two weeks I won at camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July because I will have holidays in that month .
Yours sincerely
Also , we will take the drinks from our canteen and there will be a group of musicians for our entertainment .
I was surprised because I did not know what he wanted .
When I went he wanted to tell me that from the next month I would be his personal secretary and my salary would be twice what it was previously .
Unfortunately , the musical show was n't much like that the one the advert had described , and that is why I want to ask you for some money back .
Now I have a new computer , which is very easy to use , and comfortable for my fingers and also faster .
And he can answer me very quickly .
I think it is now the future of big companies to work with the Internet .
I am writing to inform you of some problems we had .
We had to wait over 40 minutes
It seemed to sink into the sea , but fortunately , the storm soon went away .
Finally when it started we noticed to our surprise that it was not the right actor on stage .
Afterwards we wanted to go for a pleasant dinner .
Anyway , we definitely know that they 're going to change .
In the paper it was written that the principal actor is " Danny Brook " but it was n't him , it was a different actor whom we had never seen , or heard .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , this sentence is very popular in our school .
I helped to guide foreigners who would like to participate in that .
Thank you for your letter . I was so happy to receive such good news that I could n't believe it .
Regarding the accommodation at Camp California , I prefer to rent a tent , which is going to be more fun , I think , but are the tents singles ?
Is there only one teacher for each sport , and how many are in each group ?
It 's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk freely , and there are no teachers . It could be a good contrast to the seriousness of the lessons .
Finally we should film the lunch , which is also a moment for the students , and for the teachers , to relax . We must n't forget to film the staff room because if a school is made of students , it 's also made of teachers .
I would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competition for two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
First I want to thank you for all the congratulations , and I 'll try to answer all your questions about , for instance , travel and accommodation . I have to tell you that it is only possible for me to go on holiday in July because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in July ( because her small children are in summer school at that time .
I was so happy and surprised that first I could not really believe it .
Secondly , regarding the accommodation , I would say I prefer living in a tent rather than in a log cabin because I used to sleep in a tent when I was staying in a local scout camp in my country .
Thirdly , I have chosen Sailing and Photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favourite hobbies and I have been enjoying Sailing and Photography for several years so I am quite good at both of them .
Finally , I would like to ask you whether I have to prepare any special clothes for camping or will the camp provide them for me .
A group of girls can stay in a shopping centre forever .
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased that I won the first prize in your competition .
In addition to all this , I would appreciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much I shall be paid for the trip .
Another reason is that it will be more useful for foreign students who want to speak English .
The number of foreign students has recently been increasing .
To sum up , it is recommended that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed .
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to travel .
You asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart , the accommodation I would like to have and so on .
Travelling in July , I have to say , would be perfect for me because my birthday is on the 24th of that month and I wish to spend my birthday in the best way possible , so that means there .
I also would prefer to sleep in tents , which are more comfortable , and , because I have been doing lots of camping , I am quite used to this kind of accommodation .
The activities I have chosen both represent a passion for me .
We are writing to you to complain about the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , which we saw last week in your Theatre .
The advertisement said that it starts at 19.30 , but it actually started at 20:15 due to a problem with the sound .
We were also surprised to discover that the student discounts were n't available for us , because they did n't accept our student identity cards from Switzerland .
What is the effect it has on your environment ?
The major problem for the industrial cities is to deal with the bad effects of pollution on the environment .
A lot of money is involved in research to stop the increase in levels of pollution .
To sum up , all the improvements come at a price : the condition of the environment .
When it was time to take the final exam , she became ill and she could n't do it so the teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks , but on the other hand the principal disagreed and did n't give permission to pass her .
She had to repeat that course and all her friends passed and as is usual the girls from the last course became popular .
Pat , to win her new classmates ' friendship , told everything that she knew about her friends and , because of what Pat said , her friends ended their friendship with Pat because their popularity was damaged .
And it is even more difficult to predict what clothes in the future will look like .
I saw the performance and it was not as it was described in the advertisement I read in the local newspaper .
Then , I was planning to buy three £ 20 tickets because it was mentioned in the advertisement that there were discounts available but that was not true , so I could just buy two tickets and my son could not see the show .
Finally , I was thinking of having dinner in the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed due to some problems with the employees .
What was supposed to be a perfect and enjoyable evening , resulted in a very disappointing time .
So I would be grateful if you paid for a full refund of the money I spent on the tickets .
Computers , radio , CDs , satellite television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life .
Another advantage is that , for example , satellite television , which is an example of modern technology , keeps me informed about what is happening in the whole world .
After considering your accommodation offers , I 'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible .
It would not only emphasize the sharp contrast between this and the classroom atmosphere but also show how they are as young people .
On top of everything , the restaurant which was advertised in the advertisement was closed because it was being arranged .
You can imagine how disappointed I felt after that evening , and I am writing to ask you for a refund of part of the money .
But , in other things , I think modern technology hasn't changed my way of life too much : I do more or less the same as I did some years ago : I get up in the morning , go to school , have lunch , study and go out with my friends without being affected by microchips or nuclear energy .
I have happily received your reply and I want to thank you for this marvellous prize you have given me .
After helping to do that and many other things , my friends and I watched the concert and before Green day ( the group ) left , they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did , and shook our hands .
It started at 20:15 leaving us waiting for forty five minutes .
In the future people will wear clothes made of polyester and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive .
Also I think clothes will have many gadgets on them like a small oxygen mask in case someone goes in a place with extended pollution - I think there will be many such places in a hundred years - and a hat designed to protect people from the strong rays of the sun at midday because the ozone layer will be destroyed in a hundred years and the sunrays will do damage to the human skin .
Now , it is already possible to send our shopping list by computer , and this option , in the next few years , will become the most common one .
The new technologies will probably produce a considerable revolution in some essential parts of the house .
For example , we will have computerized ovens , microwaves and freezers , or we will probably have central heating controlled through the Internet from our office .
Firstly , log cabins are more comfortable than tents .