I WANT TO THAK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US ON THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH .
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT , IN SOME CASS , COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY .
Also , I want to say that the plays and films were exellent , but there were n't enough of them for me .
In our Acadamy we are not allowed to smoke .
I was trully dissapointed by it .
Secondly , I had to wait fourty - five minutes before the show finally began .
I 'd like you to send the money to this adress : ul Taklowa 10
It is a dream becames true and was really unexpected for me !
If not , what do you sugest ?
The festival was excenent in many ways , and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea .
MY NAME is JAMES CAMIREZ AND I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLEINTS REGARDING THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT .
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY STATES THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30 , AND I GOT REALLY MAD WHEN I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND NOTICED THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 ( FORTY ) MINUTES AND THE SHOW HADN'T STARTED YET ... I MEAN IT WAS AMAIZING !
I COULDN'T BELIVE IT . HOW CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE BE SO ..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I AM GOING TO TELL YOU ONE LAST THING , IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER HAD SO I DEMEND MY MONEY BACK !
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ME IN SEVERAL WAYS . I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCES ; THE MORE CONFORTNESSCOMFORTABLE WE GET .
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PACIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE .
THIS CAN BE BAD TOO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BEING CONFORTABLE , WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORK I WON'T BE ABLE TO .
Everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happ in the end , and what have we go then ?
Disapponted !
If you could not manage the programe , why did n't you informe people before the programe started ?
I tought you inderstood ' ; please send money back to me , you know why , do n't answer me ?
Now we know , our world has developed to new world , becase we have high technology to do .
Today , teachnology is a part of life .
It started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleanning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly .
We appreciated the mordern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things .
It is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on Monday morning , because we can se all the famous buildings in a few hours .
On Wednesday after we have viseted the National Art Gallery , we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon .
Nowadays the main attroction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people .
On the whole , being rich and famous does n't always bring happeness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous .
Last week we had another demostration of this .
Firstly , it will introduce the latest fashions connecting Millenium .
Whenever I recollet it , I feel self - confident .
Firstly , I would like to say that I 'm very glad to have been choosen and I will do my best for this competition .
As you mentioned about the accomodation , I would prefer to stay in a tent , because it 's more exciting and I really love camping .
However , I would choose sailing because I am facinating with the sea and its misteries and I also like the watter , the wind in my face ...
The other one I would choose is basketball becouse I 'm tall and very fast with the ball .
It was unbelivebly ! ! !
Are you studing a lot ?
I have just received your letter which made me so hapy . I can not belive that I won first prize in your competition , because I have always believed I am an unluky man and now I think some things are changing in my life .
I would definitly choose basketball and swimming wich are my dream sports .
I would like to ask a few things , specialy about the wheather : what is the weather like in July in the U.S.A ? What kind of clothes will I need and how much money should I take with me ? Because I have never been to the U.S.A. before I do n't know anything about it .
I have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowday there are some people who are called shopcholic .
They are just like alcholics and these people go shopping every day because they can not stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend .
Because nowdays whereever you go there is a big queue and I hate waiting .
The queues are not the only problem . If you go by car there is the problem of parking , if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you wo n't always be luky enough to find a seat .
Specialy if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl , you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes .
I realy hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time .
Some people say " shopping is not always enjoyable " but for me it is definity unenjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life .
First of all , when I bought the ticets it appeared that there was no discount available .
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us .
Firstly when I went to the show it was written that the start time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight . I had waitted for forty - five minutes .
I just knew I should n't have trusted her but as I went in the house my dad asked Pat to stay for a meal . I was in schock , thinking why is n't anyone getting angry with me ? After a while we sat down for dinner and Pat just told my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry .
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland , we apreciate spending a week in London every year .
First , we could n't get a discount , although you mention it in your advertisment .
I walked back , hoping I would n't come accross anyone and be able to drive back home .
Firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six contries ?
In my opinion , it might be better to have time with a variety of nationallites .
As they know about your interestings and personality , it is easy to help you .
I would like to make some appoitments about the event that I went to .
- Art exbitions to teach us more things about the artist 's lifestyle ; and
Well , about rules in my contry , the situation is not different from other countries .
The rules must be respected by all people if you do n't want to be kicked out of scholl .
However , some of them have read an advertisment about the London Fashion and Leisure Show , which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March .
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depresed : in fact , money and celebrity do n't always bring happiness .
In addition , addmission for students is free .
Yours sincerily ,
On the other hand , the bond between parents and children is unlikly to change .
The smokers in the school yard , the buffett and the other pupils , who are sitting at their tables doing their homework .
That 's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredome . I am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free . There wo n't be any problem with being up - do - date .
Of course , you ca n't afford a luxualy car and a large apartment unless you 're born with a silver spoon in your mouth .
It 's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salaly .
I was really suprised when I opened it .
I look forword to going to the Camp California in the USA .
Because it remainds me of my childhood . I used to go with my friends to a camp , wich was situeded by the seaside .
Nowdays we have many big shopping centers .
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekand when parents do n't work and children haven't got school .
Because of that , shopping centers are overcrowded .
You ca n't buy something in a peacful and calm athmospher .
However such centers are very useful and necessary .
In my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremly long queu for the changing room .
If you bought something goregous , you will be very happy .
Yours sincerelly
I 'm writing to you because of the musical show " Over the rainbow " , wich I saw on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre .
There are several points I have to complain about wich meant the evening was not nice at all .
Instead of half past seven the show startet at quarter past eight . I could n't go to get any refreshment for two reasons , the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by .
On your tickets information is written that discounts are available , when I asked at the ticket office I could n't get any discount for beeng a student .
After one hour the hohle class had heard about Sarah 's secret .
Everybody was interested in what she had won but knowbody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told as a secret to them .
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around talking and wispering started .
Sarah looked at him for a while , then she stood in front of the class and explaind to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern France and every one of the 19 pupils was invited , except Pat who was n't very good at keeping secrets .
I read your advertissement five days before , and I was realy impressed by it .
But , the quality of this show was n't what you led me to believe it would be , and I feel realy disappointed by it .
For all these reasons , and if you want to keep me as a customer , I would be gratfull if you gave me some or all of my money back .
Yours sincerly ,
My marks were n't good enought to obtain my degree in Computer Science , and the exam session was finished .
I never talked about this project to anyone , exept my best friend Pat .
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normaly it is difficult to go in .
Or going to the show on wensday morning and in the afternoon , we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery .
I look farward to hearing from you .
They found hime two months later and six months later he was in jail .
I am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show " over the rainbow " , wich is misleading in a number of ways .
Sweating and affraid I waited outside the director 's office the following day .
Tairs ran down my face as I admitted having stolen .
I was suprised that my father did n't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me .
That evening my father said a few words : ' May this be the end of your career as a thief ; we are only ready to forgive if you promiss never to start again '
I am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in your competetion , which is two weeks . I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win .
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school shoud be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do , not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time .
The porpouse of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical " Over the Rainbow " , wich really disapointed me .
First of all , there were no diccounts avaible such as were promised in the advertisement so I had to pay the original price wich was n't cheap at all .
Then , I was forced to wait forty - five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and , when it finally started , I was really disapointed to see that the actors were n't Danny and Tina as it had said in the advertisement .
Your really dissatisfied costomer
How has modern technology afected my daily life ?
We live sorrounded by inventions wich help as through the day .
The reason for my decision is that other activities are also available in my country , except climbing , but I have a fear of heights so this one is not destinated for people like me .
Acctually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell .
This is the main reasone why I want to ask for a refund .
People wo n't be embarassed to show the beauty of their bodies .
Moroever , I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine .
During my stay at Camp California , I want to go swimming because I practise this activitie regularly and I often enter competitions : this is one of my hobbies .
Then , there was only one hour left to install the different color lights ; it was just enought time .
We would suggest going to this fabolous show .
Yours Sincererly ,
Despite being used in many ways , it could entartian us as well .
Although I imagine them in my house in my future , I am sure I would be suprised if I had them .
A usefull helper : the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations .
Although the world of computers will develop day by day , I lively hope we ( human beings ) can mantain our way of seeing things .
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE WINNER OF YOUR COMPETITION ! I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I'M LOOKING FORWART TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE .
IT IS ONLY POSSIBLE FOR ME TO TRAVEL IN JULY BECAUSE OF MY UNREGULAR WORK .
HE 'S A SMAL ONE !
I'M LOOKING FORWART TO HEARING FROM YOU
YOU KNOW THAT I ALWAYS WANTED TO HELP AT A CONCERT . TO BE PART OF THE STAFF WOULD BE WONDERFUL , I THOUGTH . AND I WAS RIGHT !
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION WHICH IS ALWAYS RESPONSBLE FOR BIG EVENTS .
ALL OF THE STAFF AND THE ORGANISATION SPOK ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE .
WE WERE A GROUPE ! ONE TEAM ! BEFORE THE CONCERT WE HAD A BREAK TO EAT SOMETHING AND TO TALK TO EACH OTHER .
THE CONCERT WAS VERRY LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK HARD .
GREATING AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON
However , it was a very dissappointing evening for me .
Firstly , it was mentioned that there were going to be two starrings but , in fact , only one actor was performing in the show .
Thirdly , the advertisment said that discounts were avaliable but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or avaliable .
In addition , the advertisment mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker .
Finally , I would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disapointing evening out and the misleading advertisement you have created .
Nowadays , modern technology is becomming absolutely essential to our daily life .
Without all this your life would definately change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago .
If this continues to happen our life will be very misarable as accidents happen all the time .
Thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule , especially the river trip to Greenwich , which , we are shure , will be very exciting .
I would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the " London Fashion and Laisure Show " and we have found it very interesting .
Suddenly I heard a noice from my garden and I wanted to know what it was , but it was impossible to do it .
I was affraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house .
I was very frethend , but I knew that I had to do something .
I was shure there was someone on the other side of the wall .
The only thing which really disapointed me was a visit to your theatre where I wanted to see the musical ' over the rainbow ' , after I read the advertisement for the show .
The things that really dissapointed me were that you said Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were the actors but they were n't , different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad .
To be honest that was not a great expierence and I hope you will see my point .
Since everyone can afford modern technology everyone 's life in the more developed countries has changed completly .
So in the last century our daily life has changed dramandesly and we have become lazy and our life unpersonal , fast and unromantic .
Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another , unkown actor who starred instead of him .
All those innacuracies spoilt what should have been a memoriable evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket .
He did it some more times , and in the end nobody took any notice of the shoutings .
You are working with your ideal woman , I still ca n't belive that I spoke with her .
At first I could n't belive that I was a winer
My school starsts in September and it finishes in June .
If I could go in July that would be greate .
I would like to ask you , what sort of clothes should I take with me ? I do n't want to take too much ; jeans , jumper , swimming costium , T - shirt , sports shoes I think should be O.K.
At first I was helping to seill the tickets - it was n't difficult .
We had to check evey plug , switch , light .
I could n't belive how big a lamp can be .
fortunetly nothing had happend .
Only people who were helping and organizating this concert could meet her .
Some of them were speaking with her , I was n't this lucky person , but still I 'm happy , that I could be thear .
Log cabins may be more confortable . On the other hand I think that I will be able to " survive " in a tent .
I vish you had been here with me .
You can not imagine how dissapointed I was with myself .
We started to put everthing on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us .
After all of this we saw the show from the best place , near the stage and afterwards , the thing that I most liked , we were convidated to see the group and got their signatures .
I have got a few things to complain about regarding your theart .
I deciced to go and visit your theatre restaurant .
For example , once people had to walk from one place to another , but now we can use sciene and technology to produce a lot of petrol - powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them .
We can also use techlogy to produce more food and help them grow faster .
The rules at home are very different . I am allowed to do what I want as long as I studie enough to aprove .
It is not allways easy , but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them .
I hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesistate to contact me .
In addition to this , you may have some roboters bringing the newspaper to the table , tidying up the house , and doing the shopping . Maybe they will also be your life patners .
I and my friend Emma helped to paint the scence on the stage .
As you know , I like drawing and painting when I have some free time so that is why I chose to paint the scence .
Moreover , the restaurant was still under construction so that we could n't use it when we were extlemely hungry .
One of the biggist things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication .
I have mentioned a few changes above but there 's still the biggist one left , which is related to the field of computers .
I refer to your advertisment in the Herald Tribune where you advertised the Circle Theatre and the recent musical :
When we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisment so we had to buy the most expensive ones .
I am looking forward to your promt reply .
Today the fashion industrie has a great importance in the commercial market .
There are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more syntetical materials , which relay on the production cost .
In 100 years most clothes will be made from syntetical material .
The contrast will be especially attractiv .
Furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individuell but there will still be enumerous clothes for conservative people .
On balance fashion in 100 years time will be confortable and colourful .
There will be clothes for everyone 's tast .
Our school is really very diciplined , especially about our clothes and behaviour .
When I read the advertisement , it said that the restaurand would be open .
On behalf of the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised , especially the idea of visiting a galery .
I grew up through the water world and I could n't live whitout it .
I love sports so I would like to play some basketball at the camp . By the way , my team and I won the last scholl championship . I play guard on my team . I also like tennis but I am not very good . I was wondering if you could give me some lessons while I am there .
I do not have words to express how happy I am . I would like to thank you and Camp California for this oportunity .
Since man became man he has needed to hunt to survive . In ancient times he used spears , bows and arrows , and the wemon 's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff .
Nowadays , in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a diferent way , we do n't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle , we use the remote to hunt TV shows , and we do not collect vegetables any more , we go shopping .
This activity of shopping has become one of our most important , after all , we go shopping for any reason , we have developed such an instinc for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle .
If an activity has stayed with us , mankind , for so long , it must give us some pleasure and maybe that 's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it , that is the greatest of extasis .
But where is the bad part of it ? Well shopping can became horrible at christmast for example , when houndred of people go to the shopping center and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer .
Shopping is not always enjouable because of several factorors .
One could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like , and you decide to buy it , but when you see the price , you find out that it 's too expencive , and you can not afford to buy it .
This cituation is very annoying for most people , and that 's what makes shopping unejoyable .
Why do n't we include some sports , for example , voleyball ?
Furthermore , it 's a worthful experience for people who want to know about other countries ' arts .
Finally , with regard to tickets , it is a really wonderful idea because it is more combinient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people .
One day , when the old man went into the bambo bush , he found some bambo gritted white .
He had never seen such bambo before but decided to cut it down .
THE KIND OF ACCOMODATION I PREFER IS A TENT BECAUSE AT SOMMER CAMP I FIND IT MORE INTERESTING SLEEPING OUTSIDE UNDER THE SKY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE AND WARM .
IM QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL BECAUSE I USED TO PLAY FOR ABOUT FIVE YEARS AT SCHOOL . WE USED TO HAVE TRAINING SESSIONS TWICE A WEEK AND AT LEAST TWO GAMES A MONTH AGAINST ANOTHER SCHOOL , WHICH WAS GREAT .
PAINTING ALWAYS DID FASCINATE ME , EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT SO GOOD AT IT , BUT MY FRIENDS SAY I CAN REALLY PAINT AND THEY LOVE THE THINGS I DO . THE TECHNIK I LIKE THE MOST IS WATERCOLORS .
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY EXPIERENCE HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN ?
The reason I 'm writting this letter to you is that during my stay in London I felt very disappointed about your theatre .
After all the inconvenients that made me feel really mad . I think I can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money I spent there , and some more for all the problems I had .
As you already know , I am trying to become a professional photographer , consequently I would choose photograpy as the first activity and painting as the second .
However , I would like to know if by any chance the photograpy activities are only for beginners .
Actualy most people work hard to earn their money and consequently , the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful , or simply something they like , should be considered a very pleasant occasion .
In fact , the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjouble , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and morover you are often faced with some nasty situations .
First of all , when I paid my entrance fee they did n't acept my discount ticket , they told me that the ticket was fake , then I entered the theatre and I had to wait 45 minutes . The show was suposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 , " this shows a lack of respect " .
Manager , I spect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre , so I 'm asking you for my money back , because it was a very bad evening .
It all started when Pat , Nick 's best friend , wanted to have the party at his house . Most of the class disagreed with that because the Pat 's house is extremly little , they started to say to him that his house was like a box .
Pat got very angree and sad .
At first Nick got angree but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other .
Nick told the situation to the class and ofered his house for the party , because it was very big , with large gardens and a big swimming pool .
To begin with the wchool rules , we have in fact some important ones .
Since I have studied photography for several years , I would like to take some pictures of beautiful scenaries in California .
I had to pay the full price for them , which was quite expencive .
It turned out to be impossible : the restaurant was closed and we did n't even receive an explaination .
The developpement of portable communication systems , such as mobile phones , has greatly changed our way of life .
It is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime , even if we are two thousand kilometers away from each other .
Precision industry has changed my life a lot too . I go Scuba Diving during the weekends and hollydays .
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in Auguest .
How can shopping be enjoyable in thoese situation !
I belived everything she told me .
I was surprised that he belived me .
Yours sincerelly ,
They are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of pirvacity and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people , to feel that they are unknown and anonymus and they do not have to wear sunglasses , hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised .
Furthermore , you asked me to choise two activities I would like to do .
And now for them shopping can be considerated like a contrariety .
It is quite obvious that celebreties ca n't lead a normal life , as they are constantly followed by reporters , which makes their life miserable .
I am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is wildely discussed in the mass - media .
Last of all , it says in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant open after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was being redecorated and no annocement was made .
Therefore I would like are refund of my ticket and I would like an apolygists .
Yours Sincelery ,
What do you think modles will wear on the catwalks ?
In my opinion , clothes will be a lot differente in 100 years ' time .
For the accomodation at Camp California , I would prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent , and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain . A log cabin 's more resistant than a tent .
For the activities , I chose climbing because I took a cours for 2 weeks last year and now I have a good level of proficiency . For the other one I chose photography but I am not a proffesional , I just take some pictures on my holiday !
Next weekend I have a date with one of them , but I wo n't tell you the name because you 'll feel jalous !
I would like to do photografy and swimming .
I love to take photos but I do n't have any techinique .
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves , like clothes , jewelery , anything .
When you buy something you were looking for a long time and , when you arrive at home , you discover some deffect on it and have to go back to the store to complain .
Secondly , I would like to choose a tent for accommodation , because I have never spent time in a tent , that 's why , I think it is a good oppotunity for me .
I have planty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part .
I would be greatfull if you could inform me .
My jobs were collecting tickets , saling goods and refreshments , guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after the concert finished .
What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achived through our support .
I really recomend you to help them , I think this is a good oppotunity and I want you to understand my feeling well .
I want to know your openion .
On the other hand , their stories always make them embarras because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the people 's attention .
All of them were schoked by what they heard .
She became very shy and engry . She could n't talk with people and she was just very sad .
I want to tell you that I am very dissapointed about the play .
In the advirtisement it said that Danny Brook was in the starring role .
And also it should have started at 19.30 , as I saw in the advirtisement , but it started at 20.15 !
And so far there were n't any discounts available which were said to be " available " in the advirtisement .
You should have written it in the advirtisement .
Absolutely it was very dissapointing
I hope you understand and will correct your mistakes in the next advirtisement and send me my money soon !
Today 5 out of every 10 pupils can use a computer basicly .
It is really enjable when I chat with people .
Techology is also important in another area for me .
But some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was writting something on the board .
Unfortunatelly I have to complain about the musical show put on in your Circle Theatre last night .
When I received your advertisment concerning the show " Over the Rainbow " I thought that I 'd have a great evening , but unfortunatelly it was a big disappointment for me .
First of all , Danny Brook - the main actor in this musical - was abbsend .
You also offered discounts - whot kind of discounts ?
Becouse the show was very long , we were getting hungry but of course your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holiday .
I had not any money for travelling and my parents were going to give me some only if I had concret plans .
After one mounth , I went back home and told my parents what a lot of fun I had with my friends - I do n't know why I was such a liar .
My parents belived my story untill my younger brother Pat told them the truth .
Now my parents do n't belive my story .
I hope you will not feel offensed , but I really need to complain about your theater .
You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not performing and I was more bewildered that no one made an apologie for it !
Although , I would have felt better if I had had a discount on my ticket , as you mentionned in the advertisement , but unfortunately , these could n't possibly be given either !
If more and more ingenors work in science and technology , it must be because it is really usefull : but in what particular way ?
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month , which could be between the first and the fifteeth of July , because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip .
Although I like camping and sharing with different kinds of people , I 'd prefer a confortable and private place ( if it 's possible ) where I can sleep , or be quiet .. I am not a teenager !
I was running the whole show . My responsability was to dress her .
I relly liked the exhibitions .
The band " Three Kings " apresented a new stily of music .
I would like to notice that the dance show was absolutelly marvelous .
What a greit idea to invite writers ! I relly liked talking with them .
You wrote an advertisment saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert , but there were artists from only 6 countries .
It was relly a pity because I expected to see artists from France and Italy .
The International Arts Festival was organised quite well . I would only recomended you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall .
They were so poor that somitimes they hardly had anything to eat .
She persuide him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her .
Also , the e - mail system is really hepful .
Circle Theater
Finally we had the worst evening I have ever imagined , it was definitely not the " perfect evening " as written in the adverstiment .
Syntethic materials have developed and become very popular so they would keep going .
I guess they will wear a sort of tunique over a shirt and a skirt , or more masculine clothes because they want to change .
About the accomodation , I would prefer a tent because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities .
In conclusion , like all things in life , shopping can be pleasent or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day .
It gives us knowledge usefull for many school clubs , like the " marathon shell " club or the robotich club .
Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer . It lets us identify our abilities and the part of mecanics that we prefer .
Our engineering school is specealized in mecanics and thermodynamics .
First , we could film the fluid mecanics lessons and the general mecanics lessons .
I wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories , in which we could show a student doing experimentations .
Futur students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport .
Another point to record woubl be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time . It will show a part of the way of life in the school .
If possible , the type of accomodation I prefer is a tent .
I will be very glad to partecipate in your camp !
Yours faightfully
The show 's date is very convinient - March 14 - , and it is on in the Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there .
Although this statement is absuletely true , it seems there is no way to stop public attention , so they will have to keep living with journalists .
My name is Marcia Fomalar , I am writting to let you know how disappointed I felt when I went to the musical at the London theatre .
I went to buy a ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near the stage I bought a £ 20 tiket but when I asked for a discount they told me , " I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement . It will be impossible to give you a discount " .
At 19:15 I was very impatient , waiting for the show to begin , and a man anounced that the show would start at 20:15 .
Finaly the show started and to my sorprise my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor .
Pat sent a fax to my house with the different alternatives she had thought of but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the sorprise was ruined .
The other activity that I chose is painting . I am not as good as I want , nevertheless I think I can inprove my skills during this course .
I would like to know how the weather is in California during the summer so I can bring with me the appropiate clothes and the last thing I need to know is the amount of money that I have to bring with me .
To make this report easier and faster , it was necessary to make a questionarie which was given out in the school .
However , 15% thougth that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important .
As you can see , my clasemates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have .
A few weeks ago , my family and I had a hoilday in London . The hoilday was n't too good !
During the week we descide where we wanted to go . We all agreed to listen to music so then we descide to go to your musical show and listen to " Over the Rainbow " .
That evening we did n't want to have our supper before the show . Anyway I thought it would be too early to eat and also because the timetable or canidates you give me have say : " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " .
So we did , but unforturnily it was closed and I was so dissapointed about it , not only because we had expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to be the actor of starring .
We do n't expect much bad to happen on our hoilday , but this was a perfectic show as well , it was the worst show and theatre I have ever been to in my life .
sincinerly Ki
To help us to live happily , sciencetist can easily perdict the changes on earth , so that we can have time to perpare or defend ourselves from natural diseasters .
Wapons are designed to kill and defend in a fight . In the Second World War so many Germans were killed . Also many people died in other regions ,
Posin chemical compounds , e.g. gases and liquids , are created too . They have been used to kill people . Most of them produce radiration , which can disable a person , mostly harming their brain and their bodies , and it can also cause death .
Communication techology , e.g. internet ( networks ) and moible phones .
In wars soilors communicate with moible phones though places to place to get or give information about themselves and the enarmys .
By using the Internet we can make new pen friends overseas , and creat clubs and sociatys .
Now a megsage can travel quicker and it is also worldwide . sending letters takes about a week from Hong Kong to the U.K. , but network , e.g.
Modern technology saves us a lot of time and brings us many benifects when we use it in the right way , but some bad way to e.g. send virse to break down network .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party was n't as succesful as we thought .
We decided to go to his place ( I 've got a copy of the key ) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the lounch , then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived .
With reference to our trip to London , on behalf of all of us , the English class in this college , we would like to thank you for your special atention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in London .
We have been very excited about this and coincidentely we have found another option to add to our programme , certainly if you agree with it .
We thought that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowdays in England concerning fashion , leisure , sports and lifestyle .
It was dangerous , but I kew I had to do it .
I was at home putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and , sudenlly , he rang the bell . He was so tense with a gun in his hands and I could no longer speak . He took me out with him .
I had tried to think about stopping him , but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocain using my cheques .
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , of wich you are the manager .
Although it was written in the show 's addvertisement that the main actor was Danny Brook , it , unfortunately , was not him .
It was also written in the show 's addvertisement that there would be discounts available on the tickets .
Even though the addvertisement said we should visit it after the show , it was closed and no explanations were given .
In conclusion , the addvertisement promised this would be a perfect evening out , but it was not , so I would like to ask for my money back .
One day , I inocently told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe , the school 's hunk and most popular boy .
Suddenly , an enourmous saddness caught me , because Philip had begged me not to tell anyone , so he would definately break up with me , and I knew I was going to stop talking to Pat , because she had just ruined my happiness and I could n't trust her anymore .
One day , while I was studying maths , one of my friends , called Pat , asked me to have a coffe with her .
The problem started when I confesed to her that I had fallen in love with Larry , who was my cousin 's boyfriend .
Surprizingly there was a completely different actor starring .
Unfortunatly the restaurant was closed .
He is only looking for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccesfull for 86 days .
Little by little we were growing up and becaming close friends .
I relyied on her and our relationship was excellent .
It is my only favorite hobby .
To reply to your question , it was realy a nice experience .
As you know , I like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favorite singers .
I would be most greatful if you could let me have some information :
- Are there leisure and intertainments facilities close to the camp ?
I am really surprised for the information because I won , and I would like to say thank you for everyting . This is why I wrote and sent this letter with the information you need I can only travel in July because it is the only time when I can do it before for my work I do not really care what accommodation I will have . I would prefer to come in July I will be avaliabel for the moment . I would really apreciated it if you could tell the people who work at Camp California I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really interested in those subjects . I am not really really good but I have some experience .
I think that is everyting I would like to know .
I want to apologise to you , because I haven't written to you recently , but I want to tell you what hapend to me last week . I had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city . So imagen , I felt really really good and excited . I do n't have words to describe it but I will try to do it , OK ?
What 's more , your letter said about the chance to do two acctivities during the camp .
I have even won a competion once .
I would like to know if the , , travel costs '' which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places , because I would like to do some sightseeing in the U.S.A. Furthermore , if there will be cmy tumple dryer or washing maschine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp .
When discribing the advantages , we should remember that most people like doing shopping .
Very often people go to a shop - usually a big departament store and buy things which they do not need .
From my point of view it depands on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not .
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about some things that happened at the performance of the show Over the Rainbow , wich took place in your stablishment , The Circle Theater , which made me feel very upset .
I was very excited to see it yesterday , but as soon as I arrived at the theater the problems began .
Yours Sincerelly ,
Firstly , the great boom in mass comunication wich happened at the beginning of our decade , with the devellopment of telephones , radio stations , television and even satelites , and of course , the Internet , gave ordinary people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world , and this allowed health and education research to increase as well .
In addition to that , people will always be affraid of a technological war .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore , we have to use it with a great deal of responsability for us all to survive in the future .
And is there anything eles I have to take with me ?
Yes , it is true . This is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before , and some women do n't earn money . They have no idea how diffcult it is to earn money .
It would be wonderful to buy some books or programms with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival .
I hope this letter will help you with organying the festival .
Every puple has to sit alone . ( I mean that one desk is given to one person . )
2 . One should have such marks as , , 3 " , , , 4 " , , , 5 " , not , , 2 " , which is eaqual to fail .
We do n't have old - traditioned rules or anything like that .
First of all , it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest mounth in the year , and the weather will be really nice .
Despite my lack of expereance in climbing I do want to try this type of sport .
The aim of this report is to suggest wich lessons and other activities should be filmed .
I have enterwed each student from my English class .
Fistly , the English lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their noleges .
It contributes to the world 's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistable fascination .
We should n't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college , especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of Shakespear .
Also , painting is one of my favorite things !
Anyway , I really enjoyed helpying at a pop concert last month so that I 'd like to write about it !
Anyway , by the time we finished everything , thusands of funs came into this concert hall .
I 'm writting to you with reference to the letter I have received from you saying I have won your competition .
Well , as you ask , I will tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins , I 'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsabilities .
Regarding the choice of tents or log cabins , I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping close to nature , if possible , in front of a lake or a river , if your campsite has one , so that I will be able to do my favorite and skillful hobby : sailing .
I would like to travel only in July , because I have only one month 's holliday this year .
It is not too confortable , but that is not a problem for me . I like this kind of holliday .
I never had met pop stars before and I was very impresed , but I was too happy to show my shyness .
I stayed with him until the concert began and after the show I had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dansers .
So , unfortunately , I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had , and having given the reasons , I expect to be able to count on your sense of responsability , so , I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds I spent on that terrible night .
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries .
It would be a fun experiance !
Women , in perticular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see .
This was the best thing that had ever happend to the Fennall family for yeats .
Which was very chooking for her mother .
SINCE I HAVE A CHOICE OF ACCOMODATION , I'LL DEFINETELLY GO FOR THE LOG CABIN , BECAUSE I CAN'T BEAR THE HEAT INSIDE A TENT .
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE WEATHER CONDITIONS , SO I CAN DECIDE ON WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE , AND ABOUT COSTS , SO I CAN MAKE A BUDJET FOR THE HOLIDAY .
AFTER THE STAGE WAS BUILT , THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE ; I COULD STAY EITHER BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF THE STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEEDED . I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF TECNICAL THINGS I DIDN'T KNOW ; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY !
I 'm writting to you to complain about a play I have seen , called : " Over the rainbow " .
It was clear that Pat had to change and show his friends that they could believe in him thrutly .
For those next few days , Pat would do his best to be as sympathic as possible .
To begin with , every morning Pat said a pleasant " hello " and added to that a big smail .
His mother always says : " If you are smailing and are nice to people , poeple will be nice and will smail at you " .
I would preffer to travel in July . I have only this time , because my summer holidays are during these days .
A cabin reminds me too much of my home and is too confortable . That is n't what I want to have if I stay in a wild area .
I was able to ask anybody , and he answered in detail , althoug he had a lot of work .
I 'm writing to you followwing our visitting to your theatre last night .
And I would like to know if it is posible to have our money back .
And if someone elso knew , I would n't be able to go back to heaven unless I killed the person who told my secret .
And I would like to go in the first part of this month , the socond part I spend with my familly .
While I will be at the Camp I would like sailing , because it is my favorite sport .
Yours faitfully
In my opininion this book ' The Old Man and the sea ' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway wrote .
Thise book is about a man who knows that he will die soon , he knows that he did n't make his dream come tru .
So he decidet to go for a last trip in his life .
He needs to rest , but he does n't geve up .
In the end he makes his drems come tru , he catches a vast Marlin .
In thise book Hemingway is trying to tell us , that if we want something , we can get it , it might be deficult and take a long time but we can do it .
Sometimes they geve up , befor they get something ,
I read the advertisement and I thought it was going to be a plesent evening .
From the beggining it was all a disappointment .
When I went to buy the ticket I tried to get a discount with my student card , but that was not posible .
I let this pass and I bought it anyway , thinking that it was posible that this was only a mistake in your advertisement .
But the play started fourty - five minutes late , and the star of the show , of whom I 'm a great fan an who was the main reason for why I decided to see the play , had been changed for another actor , who turned out to be really bad .
I think you realise why I 'm writting this letter to ask you to give me my money back .
All the things that were promised in your advertisement were untrue , and it was definitly NOT the perfect evening out .
Specting that you will resolve this misunderstanding .
There 's no doubt that modern tecnology has changed our lives , but how ?
I think that some of the changes have been very good , like the impruvement in medical science , which now can save millions of people that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives .
It has changed the ways people comunicate .
But tecnology has not only changed our lives in a good way , giving us things that can make our lives more confortable , it has also created things that are n't bad , but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world .
Weapons and factories are destroing our planet and we need to realise that we have to use tecnology to impruve our lives , while always triying to respect nature .
Regarding the accommodation , I would prefer to stay in tents rather than log carbins because I have a lot of experience of putting up my own tents .
I like to go window shopping that is good to go arround the shopping centre .
Then I can say I definatly do n't feel it is enjoyable .
- Accomodation : a log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California .
Before we can give our opinions on this statemant we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing .
We do not speak here about luxuary goods .
But if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consiousness and more joy than before . '
How incredable it is !
I love swimming and also I 've got a scubar diving licence .
I used to enjoy floting on the water whenever I was on holiday .
Singing is the most favarite hobby for us .
I 'd like to know how much monery , and how many clothes we need .
Of couse , the shopkeepers are human beings as well .
But for their considerations , they 're working in their rutines .
I sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviers .
For example , for our jobs , supecial ceremonies , and so on .
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there were no discounts whatsoever and , finally , because of a shortage of staf , your restaurant was not open .
I asked myself how I could be so stupied , telling her my secret after all I had been going through to keep it to myself .
Now I did n't need to go around worring about it anymore .
I decieded to thank Pat , and maybe , if possible , teach her a lession .
I pretended to be totaly miserable .
Pat did n't know what to do . She apoligised over and over again and I could really see that she was more than devestated .
After hugging eatch other we promised never to tell others about our secrets .
However , it was deleied and it started at 20.15 .
The theatre restaurant was closed after the show , they said funds had runn out .
Those are totally unexpectable so I would like to get paid for my ticket cost .
I ask you to transfor money into this account .
Think about the conputer , the speed of conputer is much faster than before .
Nowdays , technology keeps developing and better technology gives us an easier life .
In the hopeness that you understand me .
Unfortunely , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets .
At first , when he had a girlfriend , they talked to each other franckly .
But after they seperated , he told his friends her secrets without thinking .
It is like one of his bad habbits .
It was a very unpleasent evening .
The restaurant should have been oppened when I came out , but it was closed because of the time the show finished .
After breakfeast I have to use my car to get to school .
Without technology I would get realy bored .
I would be very grateful to recieve answers to my questions .
Boy , he 's really really handsom !
Secondly , the show was meant to begin at 19.30 pm , actually it began at 20.15 pm and that was without giving any explainations !
Another thing that has changed my daily life is the mobil phone .
Sometimes the ring is annoying but , finally , the mobil phone is a great , handy object .
About the acommodation , from the two options , I choose to sleep in a tent , because I think that a log cabin is n't as authentic as a tent , at the camp .
I would be greatful if you could send me further information about details like how much money or what kind of clothes I 'll have to take with me .
You know that I 'm a little bit lazy , but the main reason for not writting to you has been the accummulation of exams during this month .
There I was impressed by how a singer can cause such histerism in teenagers .
During the two - hour concert we had to attend to thirty - six people who became inconscious after being trapped in the first row by the other people .
Answering the second question , I would prefer my accomodation to be in log cabins .
And when it finaly started , it was n't Danny Brook who performed .
After the show I wanted to drink somthing in your theatre restaurant but when I arrived it was closed because the show started too late !
So I ask you sincearly for my money back becaus it was n't a perfect evening out .
I told her that my parents are getting divorsed and that I will move to Chicago with my mother .
One day , Pat and I were going home , when she asked me if I would give a party befor I go .
I had to tell her that I did n't have the time to organise anything becaus we , my mother and I , had to get our stuff ready to move .
But when we got into the hous ther were all my friends !
We had a great evening becaus Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets !
I am writting to give the information you asked me for and also I would like to request some information about the prize .
Furthermore I would like to choose to stay in a tent instead of a cabin because I think it could be more exciting and could provide more contact with the enveiroment .
He had a puncture and he did n't know how to repeared it . Then I changed the tyre and during this time he was asking me about my hobbies , studies , everything .
I am writting to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter .
The job was hard , but , from my point of view , it was worthful .
The most exhiting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert , and we went to the Highlands to spend the whole day there .
That was fantactic !
If you have never been there , I really recemmend you to go .
But we decided to buy a picture , because she had always told us about art galleries with great exitement .
Yours sinecerely
Despite the fact that going to school by bus was easier than going by bycyle , I had preferred going to school by bycyle to going by bus .
When I went to see her play , I realy would love to be an actress .
It was my dream . I wish my dady
Aspecially in the summer when the tempereture and humidity are very high .
From the list of all the activities I have choosen photography and golf .
I have choosen golf because I have never played this game .
My friend offered me a job as a member of the techical staff at Sting 's concert .
We 've built it using ready metal and wodden parts .
I was working with a specialist who had to connect all the lights together to one computer and prepare a colorful show .
It was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure working with professionalists .
For me - the dance shows were absolutelly wonderful .
I prefere them to others .
We chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably priced ticket for all the evants because we could change our plans during the evant .
Most studenst wear jeans and a sweater .
Next year , you should calulate or examine how many people will come before you choose a hall , which I feel very good was plays and films .
And the offer of a " weedend ticket " was an excellent idea .
Because the price was cheaper than buying it sperate and more convience .
Yours Sinicerely ,
Finally , food shops should be added to this festival next year because only plays and films were not atrractive enought to get audiences .
Yours sencirely ,
However , I can go out wheneve I want , even at midnight .
Secoundly , boys are not allowed to have long hair .
I feel that they would be fabulos places with a western design .
Another disadvatage of the festival 's programme was the lack of plays and films which are the best to display a modern country 's culture , I think .
In conclusuon , I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be made .
Fortunatelly , there are many ways to earn some money nowadays .
In addition to baby - sitting , you may also give some lessons to small children such as ( tl ) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language , Eglish , for example .
But if you do n't like children and are not easy - going enough to work as a waiter you may choose the more pieceful job of a typist at home .
So , you can help them and earn quiete enough .
Moreover , men prefer to do sports , because shopping wastes a lot of time , which is controry to the tastes of women , because if they have any free time , they will go shopping .
Finally , I would be interested in meeting artists from everywhere in the world not only Europeen artists .
In conclusion , I had an unforgetable time .
The restaurant was closed because there was n't any electricity . You should close the theatre untill the restaurant can be used .
I was totaly unsatisfied with the theatre and I would like to have my money back if that 's possible .
I 'm quite sure that people all around the world will be wearing very different clothes in the future because people , especialy women , who like to be very elegant and beautiful , will create and invent all kinds of clothes to anybody and that 's it .
You ca n't be carefull because you do n't know what time it will happen .
But you can be carefull when you speak with he or she who is stealing your things .
I am writing this as a reply to your request to provide you with some information about my preferencies .
I am not so keen about the accomotation but would rather stay in tents than cabins .
We live near the seashore and swimming is the sports activitie I am really good at .
Somitimes I feel very sorry for her .
Lots of families plan a day out to go to a shopping center , and it is a normal routine for them - to spend all day just shopping .
I would like the trip to start in July if possible . Because this is my Hoilday start at the Camp California , I would like my accommodation in a tent , because I work in the Army and on the camp I usually stay in a tent at night , so I will feel more comfortable .
Regarding the activities I would like to choose Swimming and climbing for my activities at the camp ; I usually do these two activities on the Army Camp . I know how to climb up on Rachiat outside and help other people to climp up .
To make a daily life video in school , we should concentrat on the things we do most in a school . The thing we do most in a school is have lessons . It will be a very useful part of this video and should be the main subject .
At the end of the video , we should find one or two studen sit together and ask them a few questions about how they feel about studying at the school ? This is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school .
It would be greatful .
And we could n't wear any colorful clothes and socks .
I 'm pursuading my mum , perhaps .
I am writing in response to your advertisment in today 's newspaper .
In addition to this , I was wondering if you could organize the same festival in the sommer .
Unfortuneatly , Daniela fainted .
This story happend a long time ago .
Now Pat realized what was going on and could undstand why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret .
Nevertheless , I lost my concerntration on my studies and I spent the money on entertainment .
I will never ever help anybody to organice a pop concert again .
But after this serville work I met Eminem .
As regards painting , I know a lot about it since my grandmother taugh me when I was five years old .
She also told me that she has some conections with the people in charge of the lights at the concert .
Since I am going to travel I would like to know how much money it would be adviseable to take and what kind of clothing I should take .
Or approximately how much money would be enough to buy surveniers because this will be the first time for me visiting Carifolnia .
Finaly , I must choose travelling there in July because I am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work .
However , things which you can get with money do not necessarily fill your unsatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more , your emptiness might be greater .
And shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your pertners .
On the whole , shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you migh be extravacant , lose your friends and have what you do n't need .
We think we could change the shooping to go to the show .
To sum up , there is no perfect job , and being famous involves a lof of money , but also a lot of jouralists following your private life .
All the group would enjoy going to the show , because it is a great oportunity to see an exhibition of the latest fashions .
For example , we ca n't go to the toliet during lessons . We have to go there in the break .
It 's too strickt . I do n't like it .
My name is Sandre Atos , I am writting to you because last weekend I went to the theatre you manage , to see what was called " London 's newest and best musical show " .
That 's why I am writting to ask for some money back ; I believe I have this right .
Unfortunatly my parents did not realize how TV was creating a role among us .
On the other hand , due to scientific developments , I am getting better , recovering from ahsma .
I had a very dissappointing evining last Saturday .
I had everythig planned ; my family and I were coming to whatch your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was disasterous .
Then everything was going well untill the show did n't start !
That was a dissapointment for my whole family . In fact all the audience were very dissappointed .
Anyway the show was nowhere near as good as it was meant to be and it was definately worse than I had expected it to be . I did n't enjoy it at all so I was relying on the food to fill me up and relieve some of my stress .
So as soon as the show was over we walked out and followed all the signs for about 5 minutes , desparately searching for your restaurant , our stomachs rumbling for food .
What kind of an organasation do you call this , sir / madam ?
You do n't understand how dissappointed and angry I was that night .
In fact he was one of the principal busybodies of his neighborhood and his school so not a lot of people in his school liked him .
Some were just friendship groups but others took it seriously , maby just a bit too seriously . They gave themselves names and acted like gangs rather than just groups of friends , and started picking on younger people , or mempers of other gangs , trying to start fights with them .
This whent on and on , got more and more serious , but it was so secret that the teachers did n't notice .
Everyone in the year was anoyed , but not with Pat , oh , no !
exept a few phcyco groups . Some of the more serious ones decided to raid this party , just for the fun and meanness of it .
Everyone was enjoying themselves exept Pat , who had heard about the raid .
The time had come . The who groups had comdined their forces and were ready to strike .
Lots of People wher injured and even more were suspended the next day at school , when the Headmaster found out what had happened .
Pat recieved no punishment at all and he was n't blamed for anything by his teachers or friends .
But he felt awfull because he knew that all this had happened because of him .
Do you like do - it - yourself and is your house full of marvellous but unuseful things ? You could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room !
I am writing in response to the International Arsts Festival , which took place on 21 - 22 November .
I would like to inform you that it was a great idea and a valuable activitie as a social event .
However , it was a dissapointment when I realised that not many countries were attending the event . I would have liked to have seen more countries from all around the world , for instance , the Far East , Indonesia etc .
On the other hand , I enjoyed being one of the people seeing the plays films , the dance shows which were brillantly performed and the art exbitions .
Finally , I preciate your organisation and look forward to hearing about the next International Arts Festival .
What a pitty !
Privat schools have a more relaxed atmosphere than the state schools .
Of course smoking is n't allowed in any part of the schol .
Apart from that I would n't mind at all whether I stay in tents or log cabins but if I have to choose between these two I 'd prefer to stay in tents because they give me a nice feeling of relaxation . It is very unusal to stay in log cabins while you are camping .
Photography is a very interesting activitie , and is not too hard to do either .
Worst of all , at the end of the Musical , I went to your Theatre Restaurant , in order to have dinner , because I had leaft home without eating and so I was hungry at that time .
First of all , modern technology has changed my daily life in the last five years more quickly than in anchient times , or even than a decade ago .
Nowadays , I ca n't go one day without consulting computer communications via e - mail or the Internet . I exchange corespondecies with all my family via the Internet , with my mother and 2 brothers who live in Curitilra City and also with a brother who lives in Italy and another who is living in New Zealand .
It 's written in the regulament that we ca n't leave the school during the breaks ; we ca n't smoke near the classrooms ; we have to justify our absences or lateness and even if you 're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher .
Regarding accomodation I would prefer sleeping in a tent because I enjoy the closeness to nature while camping a lot .
I sort of felt like I had done my part to make the concert a sucess .
The show is going to be on Tuesday the 14 of March from 10.00 to 19.00 and we fained it very interesting , because we will have the opportunity to see mews , firstly about the latest fashions , secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make - up and hairstyles .
Thank you very mutch !
Most of the time they have journalists following them everywhere , looking for a great story or interesting pictures to put on the front page of the newspaper , and I do n't think this is very nice , but it is the price that famous people have to pay , just becouse they are popular .
Anyway , this is not always necessarily a problem , but it can be a big thing for the famous person , becouse it gets people talking about him and increases his popularity .
In conclusion , I can say that this is not the biggest problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem becouse I am not famous !
Concidently the show is in London and on Tuesday March 14 , which is during the period we are in London for the three - day programme .
However , journalists should not only think about commercial value , because morality and priciples are also concerned .
I remember in August 1997 Princess Diana dying in the car crash was one of the most disarster examples .
Although we can not deny it is our nature - we are curious - we can improve our sence of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them .
Basle , 12th Decembre 2000
In your letter , you asked me wheter the book I 've read would be a suitable present for your cousin 's fifteenth birthday .
You wrote that your cousin is quite intered in magic , detectives and sport , did n't you ? I think this is the best choice for him !
As you know , we are in England to learn your language and also to learn about your lifestyle , and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discorve this aspect of your country !
Thank you for your letter , as usual , it 's a pleisure to receive news from you .
It 's a fantastique book , which I recommend to everybody keen on love stories .
It 's a perfect combinaison of passion and life 's difficulties .
I recone that it 's not an easy read , but as you described your cousin , I think she really will enjoy it , she 's so good at litteracy that it wo n't be a problem for her .
I really think you should choose this one for her , it does go with her personnality .
It 'll be a good point for her general education . Wuthering Heights is a classic , which everybody knows about , even if they haven't read it , they at liest know the story .
How has morden technology changed my life ?
A computer is extrrmely helpful with writing reports and essays .
But also I am not able to imagine my life without this nice way of reciving news with help of it .
I would be very greatful if you could let us go to the show .
Furthermore , addmission is free for students .
Unfortunately , our programm is fixed but I think we could change part of the programme .
Firstly , most people can remember the sad story of " Princess Diana " . She died in Paris a few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called " Paparach " .
However , secondly , famous people are not " ailen " so they might do something , for example , ashame things in a public space , or argue with a partner or family , even put on a swimming costume like us .
So they can be just ordinaly people like us .
Overall , people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people ... and then we can find the answer that all people , including famous people , need a private life and would like to have an ordinaly life .
They were eagar to have a child , but they had never been able to .
About when I would like to travel , I think that my answer will be easy for you , because I have two months off , those are July and August , so my trip should be in between . Regarding my accomodation I would like to stay in a tent because I remember my holidays in the south of Peru , a long time ago ; it was wonderful .
If it is possible for you to help me clear up some doubts I have , I 'll be really greatful .
Yours faitfull .
First of all , I 'll tell you that on the day of the concert I woke up at 6:30 a.m. , very early for me . You know me , I 'm lazzy . The work began around 8:30 . It was very hard but then the band came to rehearse . From that moment I enjoyed working until the concert had finished . The atmosphere was wonderful , the musicians were very kind to everyone who was working because they understood that putting on a concert is a job to be done by a team .
Finally , we would like to get your permition to go . Maybe if it is possible that you can change your programme , we can go to your college any time after Tuesday .
This story happed two years ago .
Not only was I a member of the swimming team in our school , but also I had been tought by my father since I was five years old .
I started thinking about it . After all , either had I neve done this task before , or trained .
It was really a reasonably priced weekend for me , but you should also introduce new activities like competitions in singing songs or drawing a portrate next year .
Secondly , the show should have started at 19:30 p.m. , and it began fourty - five minutes late .
Moreover , when I went to buy the tickets no discounts were avaliable .
Furthermore , I wanted to have a coffe after the show , but when I tried to get to the theatre restaurant , it was closed .
Ballons and coloured lights were put in all the trees .
I carried a lot of chairs and looked after the que or people who lost their way .
As we are going to be in London on this date , we think it could be a great oppurtunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions , make up , etc . and it is free for students .
Because of this , we would kindy ask you to change the programme so that we could go to this particular event .
A especiall invitation
It allowed people to enjoy their weekend , relax , and also it brought a foreign culture to them , broadening their kownlegth .
In addition to this , one weekend ticket for all the events was only £ 10 . This was excellent . It meant people only spent pocket - money , and then they could watch all the events at the weeked . For them it is a really economical way to spend their weekend .
Moreover , the stars and artists were from only six countries . In my opinion , if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries , it will make the festival more exciting , more intesting , and in my opinion , some of the concert halls were too small . The people in there could n't even go to the loo , because it was too crowded .
These are only my inmature views . If it is considerable for you , I will be very pleased . Thank you very much .
It was very uncamfortable for me .
Today I recived your letter . It is the most wonderful news I have heard in a long time .
I am so pleased that I won this prize that I can not explain how greateful I am .
Because of this situation I will be very busy in the first week of July , and I would apreciate it if you could give me the option to begin my " Camp California " experience on July 10th .
About the Accomodation I would prefer to sleep in a tent , because I have never been in one , and it is a lot more fun than log cabins .
Because I have seen my father playing golf since I was a child I am very keen on this sport , and also I love photography because I have got a great Camara .
When I was a child I never liked to go shopping because my Mum spent so much time in the shops that I remember that going shopping with her was a nigthmare .
It is ameaising how people change over the years For example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things , and every week I have to buy something .
But these days shopping is not always enjoyable , because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay the full price , at the end of the season it is half price . I find it very anfair for people who pay a lot of money for their clothes .
Anyway , shopping is allways satisfation for rich people , because they can afford it and they do n't mind paying the full price for their clothes .
Modern technology ca n't not transforme our daily life .
The inventions of the airplane , of the train and of the car , have reduced the distances of the world , so we can go to the other side of the world in half a day .
Everything has changed : style , colour , qual . Fashion .
We saw almost all kinds of skirts , trousers , coats , skirts and even hats - which untill now have been the main point of many fashion creatures .
Grey and black - like the seasons , like people 's charakters , like all the night and dark sourranding us .
In the advertisement , it said that Danny Brook was starring , but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really dissapointing .
As you can understand , it was a dreadful time and I want my money back as a consolation for the dissapointment I had .
I support this idea which is convinient both for the public and the organisators .
It is awfull !
However , we promised our perents to do some cleaning every week .
What is more , there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital equipement .
The second is nuclear weapons and the many wars in which modern equipement is used .
To sum up , as far as I am concidered , modern technology has changed my life completely .
Last week , during my holiday in London , I had the opportunity to see the show " Over the Rainbow " at the Circle Theathre .
The day of the show , we got to the theather at 19:30 .
Third , the theatre restaurant was closed because the cheff did not show up .
You can feel the fresh air and listen to the animals . This will be a great oportunety !
I am not good at either activity , but it will be a pleasure to try them , espacially surfing . I would like to feel the wind in my hair , and enjoy how quickly the board goes over the sea .
I mean , it is too crowdy , you have to wait such a long time before you can pay , and most of the things are too expensive !
I was looking forward to a great evening , but much to my surprise , that was not exactly the case : there were no discounts available , such as were mentionned in the advertisement ; the show started 45 minutes late ; I was then very disappointed to see that Danny Brook had been replaced by someone else .
Yours faithfuly ,
I will take the exemple of the use of the Internet .
I am writting to you because yesterday I went to the musical " Over the Rainbow " and I had a bad evening .
First of all , I would like to travel in July because this is the beggining of my holidays , and I would not like to miss some of my school classes .
Besides , I would preffer to stay in a tent , because I got used to being in tents since I spend my holidays every summer with my friends in the hills .
In adittion , I would prefer playing tennis .
I also like surfing . I think it is a dangerous sport , but I know how to do it , because of the fact that last year a proffessional surfer tought me .
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MUSICAL SHOW " OVER THE RAINBOW " WICH WAS PERFORMED LAST WEEK .
YOURS SINCEARLY
Because I am a university student , I have got classes until the midle of June and I have to attend a ' Research and Development Conference ' at the end of June .
Otherwise I have to work at a business department office as an assistant from the beginning of Aguest .
I always want to buy T - shirts , Jeans , Skirts , cosmetics , haribands , accessories , rings , earings , bracelets , shoes , hats , bags , fancy stationery , interior stuff and CDs .
Insead of buying something , I buy some fresh food and Ice - cream .
I can try all the shoes , clothes , hats , accessories and jakect on .
Actually , I could have a chance to ask her about music , her favorite artist and her hobby .
Likewise , there were no discounts avalaible .
Because of all these inconvenients , I ask you for a total refund .
So when Caroline , his girlfriend , told him something personal and very important , because she trusted in him , immediatly he went to see one of his friends to tell him the secret .
So immediatly she went to Pat , angry , in order to argue with him , saying that she was annoyed by the way he behaved , and that it was n't the first time that he was n't capable of keeping a secret .
But after I climbed two steps more , my right foot slipped . I nearly fell , but luckly my hand caught a rock . It was dangerous , but I did n't have any choice . Finally I did it .
I think it was definitely not the perfect evening garenteed in your advertisement .
I was terribly ennoyed !
I am always joinable on my mobile phone , which is also boring sometimes !
I often go on the Internet to find information when studying a particular subject more accutely ( university technology sites ) .
At work my particular job involves two standard PCs with specifical software plus one workstation with the Stanford University Network ( SUN ) operating system and a special computer that my firm is now developing .
I hope this matter will recieve your prompt attention .
For example , if you were hurt seriously like cutting your leg off , the new medical technology could rebuilit part of your body .
Also we should be careful as we could be watched by security carmera which have been combined with mordern technology .
In conculsion , I conciderly said we has been charged by morder technology in two ways .
I am not very good at painting , but I choose it because it is a good oportunity to do it .
I do n't want to dissapoint you , but I am beginner !
In this book , Heathcliff as a child was n't a bad character , but the situations he lived through with the Earnshaw family , where he grew up , made him rude , agresive and noisy .
Before Heathcliff died he riched what he wanted .
In your letter you ask me to choose beetween tents or log cabins . Well I prefer to stay in a log cabin .
It is more confortable and I am afraid of wild animals .
The other activity I like very muche is swimming .
First we had to prapare the stands with food and drink and buy something which had been forgotten .
He is very beatiful !
Fortunatly we had no problem .
I was very proude of myself and the work I had done .
Modern technology has completly changed my daily life , which has become more comfortable , and easier .
Thank you for the exellent programme you have organised for our class .
We would like to inform you that we are all extremly interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because entrance is free for studends .
We would like to ask if we could go to this show on the 15th March instide of doing the visit to the Science Museum .
Who has never dreamed of being a famous singer , sportman , actor or a politician ?
Firstly , this is because there are a lot of scandale magazine readers .
What a catestrophee !
A desaster !
Also , I used to assist my brother , who is a profecional photographer .
When I read the advertisment for the show I was really excited but after the show I was not very happy because of the following problems .
The advertisment says that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because I was looking forward to them .
The advertisment also says that there are discounts available but this is not true , there were none .
Why do you give this information in an advertisment ?
I have only one question about the baby 's accomodation .
So , you wo n't believe me , but I enjoed helping at an Oasis concert .
Me and my friend were there to hear the sound - check , and when I understood what was happing on the stage , I decided to help them .
Of course you know I 'm a singer , so I came back quigky to my home , I picked up my microphone , and I handed it to the singer .
Can you immagine ?
I will consider taking this complaint to court if I do not receive an acceptable explaination from the theatre .
On the other hand , people in the future will propably wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water , the harmful ultra - violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which are the product of a developed and full - grown country .
Therefore , I will suggest that we all nov to keep the enviroment clean and healthy for the next generation .
When I first heard about Over the Rainbow I was very excited about the idea of seeing it , plus when I heard about the extras that the circle theatre was offering , it became the best oportunity I ever had to attend a musical of that type , but instead of being the best evening I ever had , it was a total disaster and that 's the reason why I am writting to you .
First , the actors that the Circle theatre publis on their tickets for Over the Rainbow were not there , which was very disappointing because the actors starring in the musical were one of its major attractions .
Another point that I want to complain about is the time that the musical was supposed to start ( 19:30 ) but it started at 20:15 , so there was major unsatisfaction with that , but the last and worst thing was that your theatre restaurant was closed because the British health institute considered your food unhealthy , and I am not taking into consideration many other points like unsatisfactory service , and uncomfortable seats .
Science and Technology is a theme very much discussed nowdays , most of the comunity of our city , and of the world , where technology has arrived , confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life .
But not everything about technology and computers is good , because many people , and me in a control way , have become computers ' and thechnologic 's slaves , and we can not do anything without a machine , and I am not saying that it 's wrong or bad , and I accept that they make our daily tasks easier , but we have to mantain our independence as humans .
First of all , there are quite a lot of advantages to shopping , which are that it can be the solvation to our stress and boredom .
Also shopping makes people happier by costing a lot of money and it even influences the economic situation more flexably .
Also there are plenty of dangers since lots of people have their wallet stollen because it is a public place and there are too many people .
In addition , shop owners often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secreatly .
I 'm realy pleased I won your competition !
I 'll give you the nessesserly information about me .
The most suitable time for me is Jule because in August I intend to go to the countryside , where I have a small farm .
You ofer me a lot of activities .
It was absolutlly great !
I gave information about correct ways to other places like tooletes and medical points .
I looked very carefully at the organisation of the event , you know I 'm interestsing in it .
I was so suprise to hear from you .
I was really greatful when I recieved your letter which informed me that I have won first prize in your competition .
Personily I prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents .
Unfortunetley I am not good at either of them .
I really hate it , because we 're not allowed to wear casual and fashonable clothes , colourful shoes or colourful socks .
I am very excited and looking forward to the new experiance I am going to have .
I would prefer to stay in tents because I love the atmosephere of camping , but I would n't mind staying in log cabins .
It is based on information made availble by students from each class at school .
It seemed to be the most interesting lesson , because students always make some mistakes while they are practising with thier partner , in spite of having been told by the teacher ten times .
Spending time together out of the class is a nice experiance .
Firstly , I should say that I would like to travel in July because that is the month wich I could most likely have off from work to go on holiday .
That is because , I do not want to seem fuzy , but I like to have some luxuries when I am going on holiday and I think slepping on the floor without electricity may annoy me .
Conversely , painting is an activity wich I have never tryied before , so I have not any skill in drawing but I would like to start doing that now when I have the chance .
On the other hand , I would like to know some imformation wich could be useful on my holiday like : what type of clothes would be more suitable for me in the Camp ?
I am writting to tell you about my experience at the pop concert last month , where I was helping my friend Nick , who was the bouncer at the venue .
My job was to accomodate to the people of the main sit of the theathre .
So , I hope to see you soon to show you all my phothos .
I think it was very clever of me to record that moment wich I will never ever forget , and that was the thing that I liked most about that experience .
I 'm writting to you to make a complaint about your musical show : " Over the Rainbow " ... Last week , I , my husband and our two children went to your theatre to have a good time , but we were so disappointed .
Moreover , there were n't any discounts available like writting in your advertisement .
I will always say thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the maschines wich do the washing and the washing - up , before this , women spent a long time doing these tasks .
I am writing to give you futher information about me which you need for Camp California .
In conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too buzy .
1 . Grammer , which is the basis of learning English .
Speaking : it makes you more confident when you talk with other peoper .
It lets you get more pratices .
Writing . This class techer you how to organise what you want to write .
It is important to pratise your English after lessons .
If you have a problem studing , try asking the teachers about which is the best way to study .
Yours sincerly
I am writing in reply to your letter in wich you told me I won the first prize .
So I want you to send me some money back for that unpleasent night .
The headmaster wanted to tell the police what we had done so we decided to imprison him in a little house we had twenty kilometers away from the village until we could change his mind .
We took some photos of him naked and told him not to tell anybody about this because if he does we will hang the photos all arround the village .
In the following edition the headline was : " Why does a teenager sleep with a toy called Max ? " Everybody laughted at her .
I would like to travel only in July because I will have some hollydays at that time .
3 When you are ready to shopp , sometimes you know beforehand what is your priority , because probaly you need one thing rather than another .
But the best thing that we do , when we go shopp is spend time having lunch at a snack bar , watching movies and playing computer games .
Last month , I worked as a roadie at a Rolling Stones pop concert . I was responsable for the sound .
Some people when they are tired relax by spleeping , reading a book or watching television , but not me .
There are always , at the end of the afternoon , some well - dressed women coming from their offices and they just spend one hour in the shop whithout buying anything .
However , it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable , for example before Christmas or during some special salles .
Secontly , the show began fourty - five minutes late and nobody told me what had happened .
I preferred riding a motorbike with the people who studyied with me in the Institute .
You have a chance to meet people and now you have an opportunaty to select good friends .
I like Danny Brook as an actor and when I read that he would be starring , I booked the ticket imagetly .
I belong to the generation who have grown up with a lot of new technolgy .
For example , TV , telephone , micrown etc .
I tought I would never need a mobile phone , but my mum and dad gave me one for Christmas last year and now I ca n't live without it !
But the invention that I 'm most thankful for is the computor and the Internet !
So , I start every day by swiching on my mobile phone , to see if there are any more SMS messages before I go to the library to check my e - mail and that 's just the beginning of the day ...
Second , I would rather stay in a log cabin , because I tend to get very nervous in small closed places , so a tent would be unapropriate for me .
I haven't played golf for a long time , so it will be pleasent to do so .
Yours sincerately ,
The fans started shouting and wistling for the show to begin , while I just stood there trying to see what had happened .
When we saw your advertisment for the musical show , over the rainbow , we immediatly decided that this would be a perfect evening out .
Thirdly , in your advertisment it said that discounts would be available , but they were not .
I am therefore asking for compensation for our disappointing evening and hope we can reach a sollution as soon as possible .
I really like Pat , she 's funny , has a good sence of humor and like me she loves to discuss everything .
I have recived your exciting letter , informing me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA .
I much prefer sleeping in tents . It seems more sociable and realy sounds like holydays .
So one week befor the concert I went to " L'Arena " to meet the other worker and receive the instructions .
I 've had the hounour of helping their sound engeineer and branching the cables for microphones , ggitares etc .
We realy started to work like ants the morning befor the show .
It was exciting looking at all three men working together and building a stage , and it was interresting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configure his computers to get the best sound possible .
About two hours befor the beginning of the show , we met the band and recieved tickets to go backstage . That was wonderful , maybe better than the concert itself !
That 's a great experienc !
Apart from this , photography is one of my favorite hobbies and I usually spend nearly all my spare time doing it and of course I have some diplomas as well .
I would like to request some information about accommodation and if you could specifie what this trip includes , since I need to know how much money I have to take .
I feel that this was a good oportunity for me , not only for my professional but also for my personal life .
According to my job , I had to help the teams with the outlights and , of course , it was my first proffesional experience : in the end I felt like one of them , because they were so kind to me , and I could help a lot and I learnt a lot with this project .
I prefer that kind of accomodation because I can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there , but I ca n't have it in a tent .
These are my favorite because they have a lot to do with water , but I like them more than surfing .
I agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shops in the center of a big town .
These days people prefere shopping at supermarkets rather than at shops or even shopping centres , because shopping at a shop is less enjoyable and you spend the same amount of money .
There were 963 people at the " Armaggedon " that night !
You must show a great sence of responsibility .
I 'm sure you are jalous now .
Now I am studying and I 'll continue my studies untill the end of June .
I think it 's a very usefull and helpful thing for my health , especially when I do it with pleasure .
The second of my favorit sports is tennis .
I 've played tennis for ten years . I 'm a profesional and I have to be good at it , in any time .
The most enjoable thing was to dress people .
But when we saw our show and heard how loudly the audience claped them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time . You should try it and see .
I would like to stay in a tent because I used to go camping at weekends but if there 's any problem I could be very confortable in a log cabin too .
I have never tried either of them before and as a result I ca n't be good at them but I 've always wanted to sail because I love the sea and now I have the opportunitie .
If you do n't mind I would like to know what kind of clothes are apropriate for the camp and for the Californian weather .
First of all , we usually go to the shops at the same time as the rest of the world and that 's a little bit complicated because the shops are full and it 's impossible to try acurately .
I would be greatful if you could send me the full details .
In the following paragraps I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of shopping .
In a suppermarket , shop or department store they have many things .
It is very convenien .
Sometimes , there are so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are in a hurry while you are in a long queu .
Most people enjoy shopping because it is more convenien today but if you found a busy place for shopping or it was not as good as you expected .
Dear Sir or Madam , With reference to your advertisment regarding the musical show " Over the rainbow " I am writing to you with the intention of giving you an impression of our experiences attending the above - mentioned show . We were disappointed to realize that not Danny Brook but a different actor played one of the main characters .
According to your advertisment the play should have started at 19:30 .
What made the situation worse is that no explanation for the delay was given ; not even an apologation .
A story of an old seaman leaving his town to proove that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught .
Last week I was on holiday in London and I was very dissappointed when I visited your theatre .
First of all , the show was supposed to start at 19.30 , but it was delayed untill 20.15 , and when the show finally began we were supriced to see that Danny Brook , who was the star of the show , was not playing and someone else had replaced him and he was really disappointing .
Anna told her again : " Pat do n't tell anyone please , especially my brother , everything would be ruined then " . And Pat answered : " Do n't wory I wo n't tell anyone " .
The big secret was that Anna was prearing a suprice party for her brother John and she did n't want anyone to know about it .
It will be a pleasure to give you all the information wich you need .
As far as I know accomodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins .
It 's more convinient for me .
I am a good diffender .
I 'd like to know what temperature it will be in July in California and your advice about how much money I will need to have an unforgetable hollydays !
If we decide to buy somthing special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it .
During a prior holiday in London I came across an encouraging advertisment for the show and decided to see it .
Unfortunately , I was very dissappointed to find out that there were no discounts available !
In addition , I was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15 - not 19:30 as stated in the advertisment .
I 've always enjoyed danger and this time getting the password was , indeed , a tough coockie .
Especially now , when ' big - mouth ' Pat has spread the news to litterally everyone . I would n't be surprised if suddenly something bad happened to me .
Furthermore , for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I have been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college as the capitan .
Anyway , this was my experience working at the concert . If you have an oportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well , OK .
I am writing to you , in reply to the letter I have recently recived , to inform you about some details that I am concerned about .
In your letter you presented the possibility of choosing two activities and I would like to let you know that I would be pleased if I could join in with basketball and climbing , as I am very good at both of them because I played basketball in my secondary scholl as captain of the team and due to my long training sessions lifting weights .
There is , as well , the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself in the crowds , crambled in the small shops during the only day - off you have to buy somthing you like .
All this can easily lead to a nervous breakdown , particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way through the crowds or while you were qeuing to pay .
I 'm the winner of the first prize in your competion and I 'm writing to you to give you some information which was requested by you .
And it 's creating a lot of adict people , called " shopalcoholics " .
I am writting to you because I had a very disappointing evening at the Circle Theatre .
He told me that it was nessary to do something about it .
As Pat was lossing his patience , he decided to talk to him .
I can say that I was very nervious and anxious about what was going to happen .
I am writting this letter to informe you about the decisions I have made regarding your questions .
When I was a child I was affraid of all these little insects that live in the ground and this fear still remains now .
I also think that the log cabin will be much more confortable than the tent .
asketball and swimming are the two activities I have chosen .
Finaly I would like to ask you for some further information about the clothes and the money we will need .
I was only responsable for the property of the back stages .
I was shocked and terrified the firt time I saw them , but the truth is that they are men like us .
They have a very simple life and behavior when they are n't on the stage .
Definetely , it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances I really believe you should give me my money back .
I recived your letter about the two weeks I won at camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July because I will have holidays in that mounth .
Yours sincerily
Also , we will take the drinks from our canteen and there will be a group of mucisians for our entertainment .
I was surpised because I did not know what he wanted .
When I went he wanted to tell me that from the next month I would be his personal secratary and my salary would be twice what it was previously .
Unfortunatly , the musical show was n't much like that the one the advert had described , and that is why I want to ask you for some money back .
Now I have a new computer , which is very easy to use , and confortable for my fingers and also faster .
And he can ansewer me very quickly .
I think it is now the futur of big companies to work with the Internet .
I am writting to inform you of some problems we had .
We had to wait over 40 minitues
It seemed to sink into the sea , but fourtunately , the storm soon went away .
Finally when it started we noticed to our suprisement that it was not the right actor on stage .
Afterwards we wanted to go for a pleasent dinner .
Anyway , we defenately know that they 're going to change .
In the paper it was writting that the principal actor is " Danny Brook " but it was n't him , it was a different actor whom we had never seen , or heard .
Unfortunately , Pat was n't very good at keeping secrets , this sentance is very popular in our school .
I helped to guide foreginers who would like to participate in that .
Thank you for your letter . I was so happy to receave such good news that I could n't believe it .
Regarding the accomodation at Camp California , I prefer to rent a tent , which is going to be more fun , I think , but are the tents singles ?
Is there only one teatcher for each sport , and how many are in each group ?
It 's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk freely , and there are no teatchers . It could be a good contrast to the seriousness of the lessons .
Finally we should film the lunch , which is also a moment for the students , and for the teachers , to relax . We must n't forget to film the staff room because if a school is made of students , it 's also made of teatchers .
I would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competiton for two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
First I want to thank you for all the congratulations , and I 'll try to answer all your questions about , for instance , travel and accomodation . I have to tell you that it is only possible for me to go on holiday in July because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in July ( because her small children are in summer school at that time .
I was so happy and suprised that first I could not really believe it .
Secondly , regarding the accomodation , I would say I prefer living in a tent rather than in a log cabin because I used to sleep in a tent when I was staying in a local scout camp in my country .
Thirdly , I have choosen Sailing and Photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favorite hobbies and I have been enjoying Sailing and Photography for several years so I am quite good at both of them .
Finally , I would like to ask you whether I have to prepare any speacial clothes for camping or will the camp provide them for me .
A group of girls can stay in a shopping center forever .
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased that I won the first prize in your compition .
In addition to all this , I would appriciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much I shall be paid for the trip .
Another reason is that it will be more useful for forigen students who want to speak English .
The number of forigen students has recently been increasing .
To sum up , it is recommened that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed .
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me the oportunity to travel .
You asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart , the accomodation I would like to have and so on .
Travelling in July , I have to say , would be perfect for me because my birthday is on the 24th of that month and I wish to spend my birtday in the best way possible , so that means there .
I also would prefer to sleep in tents , which are more comfortable , and , because I have been doing lots of camping , I am quite used to this kind of accomodation .
The activities I have choosen both represent a pation for me .
We are writting to you to complain about the musical show " Over the Rainbow " , which we saw last week in your Theatre .
The advertisement said that it starts at 19.30 , but it actually started at 20:15 due to a probleme with the sound .
We were also surprised to discover that the student discounts were n't available for us , because they did n't accept our student indentity cards from Switzerland .
What is the effect it has on your environement ?
The major probleme for the industrial cities is to deal with the bad effects of polution on the environement .
A lot of money is involved in research to stop the increase in levels of polution .
To sum up , all the improvements come at a price : the condition of the environement .
When it was time to take the final exam , she became ill and she could n't do it so the teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks , but on the other hand the principal desagreeded and did n't give permision to pass her .
She had to repeat that course and all her friends passed and as is usuall the girls from the last course became popular .
Pat , to win her new classemates ' friendship , told everything that she knew about her friends and , because of what Pat said , her friends ended their friendship with Pat because their popularity was damaged .
And it is even more difficul to predict what clothes in the future will look like .
I saw the performance and it was not as it was described in the advertisent I read in the local newspaper .
Then , I was planning to buy three £ 20 tickets because it was mentioned in the advertisement that there were dicounts available but that was not true , so I could just buy two tickets and my son could not see the show .
Finally , I was thinking of having dinner in the threatre restaurant after the show but it was closed due to some problems with the employees .
What was suposed to be a perfect and enjoyable evening , resulted in a very disappointing time .
So I would be greatful if you paid for a full refund of the money I spent on the tickets .
Computers , radio , CDs , sattelite television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life .
Another advatage is that , for example , sattelite television , which is an example of modern technology , keeps me informed about what is happening in the whole world .
After considering your accomodation offers , I 'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible .
It would not only emphasize the sharp contrast between this and the classroom atmosphear but also show how they are as young people .
On top of everyting , the restaurant which was advertised in the advertisement was closed because it was being arranged .
You can imagine how dissappointed I felt after that evening , and I am writing to ask you for a refund of part of the money .
But , in other things , I think modern technology hasn't changed my way of life too much : I do more or less the same as I did some years ago : I get up in the morning , go to school , have lunch , study and go out with my friends without being afected by microchips or nuclear energy .
I have happily received your reply and I want to thank you for this marvelous prize you have given me .
After helping to do that and many other things , my friends and I watched the concert and before Green day ( the group ) left , they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did , and shoke our hands .
It started at 20:15 leaving us waiting for fourty five minutes .
In the future people will wear clothes made of polyseer and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive .
Also I think clothes will have many gadgets on them like a small oxygen mask in case someone goes in a place with extended pollution - I think there will be many such places in a hundred years - and a hat designed to protect people from the strong sunrays of the sun at midday because the ozone layer will be destroyed in a hundred years and the sunrays will do damage to the human skin .
Now , it is already possible to send our shopping list by computer , and this opption , in the next few years , will become the most common one .
The new technologies will probably produce a considerable revolution in some essencial parts of the house .
For example , we will have computerizated ovens , microwaves and freezers , or we will probably have central heating controlled through the Internet from our office .
Firstly , log cabins are more comportable than tents .